hey there it's Matt and this video is
going to be a mashup on how I would
build a $1 million Pere agency in nine
different niches so if you want to see
how the 1000x leads process can be
applied to different niches that have
little to nothing to do with each other
watch this video as it might be a good
example for what you are trying to do
I'm going to show you how I would build
a $1 million per year cold email
business from scratch if I had to
implement the 1000x leads marketing
funnel into this type of agency so I've
taken our standard funnel here and made
it blank to where there there's no spots
for lead magnets there's no thank you
page or email flows there's no
conversion mechanisms or offer and over
the next 1 hour or so I'm going to do
exactly what I do in terms of the paid
ads the content plan the Outreach the
Partnerships the lead magnets the email
flows the paid products the affiliate
stuff the conversion mechanisms the
offers and more so we are going to be
doing this for a cold email agency
serving B2B businesses so if B2B
businesses need leads our cold email
agency in this hypothetical scenario
will help them do just that so let's get
started one step at a time all the way
from the very top through the middle
middle down to the bottom and by the end
of this video we will have a client
acquisition program that will help us
get to $1 million or more per year as
this hypothetical cold email agency so
let's get started the first thing that
we have to think of is our content plan
and content typically has three
different parts to it we have which
platforms we're going to post on what
our schedule is going to be and what our
strategy is going to be so you'll see in
the funnel that we have Instagram
Twitter Youtube Tik Tok and linkon as
our platforms for Content that doesn't
change in the a000x leads marketing
funnel that would be the same with any
type of agency but what we're going to
post is going to be 100% unique 100%
specific to this cold email agency so in
terms of our platforms what we do in a
THX leads is WE Post everything on
Twitter it all begins with Twitter and
then we crosspost the same content from
Twitter to LinkedIn and we cross poost
the same content from Twitter to
Instagram using hype Fury so hype Fury
is just a posting tool there are quite a
few of them so you'll see on the right
here where I'm putting this is my
example post it's going to post it to
Twitter automatically because hype Fury
is a tool for Twitter but you can also
have it post to LinkedIn to Facebook
Facebook to Instagram and so on so
instead of having to come up with unique
content for three different platforms we
start with Twitter and cross poost it
from there because a different audience
is going to be on LinkedIn different
type of audience is going to be on
Instagram a different type of audience
is going to be on Twitter and it's
important that we reach all of them but
we don't need to spend hours and hours
per day with content we can just cross
post it it all starts with Twitter for
the tin Tik Tok and the YouTube post as
well and we're going to go into hype
Fury and we're going to go to analytics
here and we're going to
search and filter and sort all of the
tweets by the most likes so if I have
this tweet right here that has the most
likes for me if I have this tweet here
that has another most likes if I had
this one and this one and this one and
they all have the most number of likes
that I am
getting then that is a great signal
for stuff to post on Tik Tok if it's
getting a lot of likes on Twitter it'll
probably get a lot of likes and
engagement and views on Tik Tok as well
because that's kind of a testing ground
for the type of content that people want
to see likewise I would do the same
thing for YouTube If I have something
that really works on Twitter probably
worth making a long form YouTube video
about it so this is the content strategy
that I would be using in in terms of
platforms the next is the schedule so
what would you actually post and it's
different for the three types of
platforms when I say Twitter here I'm
going to kind of consider LinkedIn and
Instagram the same thing as it's just
the same content crossposted and
repurposed so for Twitter I want to do
five FAQ tweets per day and I will show
you what tweets I mean after I want to
do three long form threads per week
three images or Graphics per week and
one offer or promotional post every
single day because it's one thing to get
a lot of attention it's another thing to
convert that attention into leads and
clients so you can kind of think as the
longform threads and the images or
Graphics as our top of
funnel our FAQs as our middle of funnel
and our promotional post as our bottom
of funnel you can think of it that way
um I wouldn't say it's a perfect
perfect comparison but you can think of
it that way I'd also post one video per
day short form content I post it on Tik
Tok but I also post it on Instagram
reals and YouTube and then I would do
one long form YouTube video per day so
let's get into it for in terms of our
strategy because this is really the
schedule I would use for any type of
agency not just a cold email agency but
the strategy is going to be different
and our strategy comes from a few
different parts so let's go over here
first because our content strategy is
going to be based on answering FAQs and
important topics but to find these FAQs
and that kind of stuff we need to
determine our major categories that have
to do with email marketing categories
subcategories objections Parts you name
it so here are is room for nine parts
and these will eventually become the
basis for our lead magnets as as well as
the basis for our content strategy the
basis for our webinar and much more so
it's a very efficient marketing plan so
what are the main parts what are the
main objections that have to do with
cold email so number one I feel would be
list building number two would be
scripts number three would be offers
number four would be deliverability
number five would be setup number six
would be
you
know setting appointments when people
reply number seven would be what would
be some other ones that have to do with
cold email we could go with the followup
for when they do
reply for the next one is it's kind of
an awkward part but you know the
objection would be I don't want to be a
spammer type thing where you know I
guess gu the the part or the objection
is like how would you ensure that you're
not a spammer and ease that concern and
what could be the final one the final
one could be H I would say something
like
types of cold
email or I would say subsequences would
be better so subsequence would be
something if you here's like the main
metric or the main one of the most
important things with cold email is how
fast you reply to responses so you send
1,000 cold emails per day maybe you get
20 to 50 responses how fast you reply to
those responses is going to be the major
determining factor in how many leads and
meetings you get so you'd either use two
options if you have a human usually
referred to as an inbox manager may be
referred to as an appointment CER in
certain situations if there watching
your inbox 24/7 maybe you have
appointment Setters in different time
zones that's one option to reply fast
but most people won't have that and the
other option is subsequences so if
something if they say yes or interested
or whatever trigger words you use to set
up the subsequences it will reply
automatically so that is what I mean by
subsequences so building the list
writing the script making the offer how
do you make sure your emails don't go to
spam how do you set all this up how do
you handle responses set appointments
and that kind of stuff how do you follow
up for people how do you ensure you're
not being a spammer and how do you use
subsequences these are nine examples of
the major parts or objections or steps
or things people need to know when doing
cold email now I'm not really going to
argue that these are the nine only steps
I'm sure there's more I'm sure there's
Niche steps I'm sure there's situational
steps that apply to certain like I said
situations I guess with the root word
situational but these are just nine very
broad basic parts of cold email so what
I would do here is I would go to Google
Docs and I would put the major steps of
cold email
agencies and I'm going to copy
these and put them in here as my main
categories I'm going to make this let's
just say 18 and now here is what the
most important part is because when we
go for our strategy and our content plan
and we say answer FAQs this is going to
be like what we mean by that so we're
going to take each of these things and
we're going to go into chat GPT and say
what are the 50 most common FAQs that
have to do with list
building in terms of cold email
don't give me surface level basic
questions my target audience is more
sophisticated and are not absolute
beginners don't explain each FAQ just
give me the
FAQ so this is how I typically will get
all of
these lists or these FAQs or these for
our cont content strategy because you
can do this a few different ways you
could do
obviously go here you could use your own
brain you know use your brain that would
be a very good one but a lot of them are
hard to think of and you might be
forgetting something especially if you
want to just have like hundreds of FAQs
for your content strategy thinking of
them all one at a time is quite
bothersome or quite time consuming
rather not quite bothersome
so a combination of using your own brain
and chat gbt is going to be
excellent so here is what you want to do
because when you're posting five times
per day you know a little bit more with
your threads your videos your graphics
all that kind of stuff you need FAQs and
this is the number one content strategy
for getting clients answering FAQs
because it's very specific to the type
of person that we are going after we
don't just want to post meaningless long
you know platitudes that don't really
help that just are very clickbaity or
make people who are beginners feel good
we want to have very specific content
strategy answering FAQs over and over to
get people to know that we are an expert
answering the
FAQs is a basis for great content that's
relevant to the target audience but it
also makes us look very smart cuz with
this strategy it's kind of like we'll
Inside the Minds of our consumers or
customers rather not
consumers so what I would do here is not
do that I would paste it properly and
chat GPT has quite the annoying pasting
ability but we will live with it for now
so what I would do is I would have I
would get 50 FAQs for every single one
of the main parts and Cate ories and
Lead magnet ideas that we talked about
earlier that we came up with and then
what I would do is I'd probably read
them all and try to narrow it down to
maybe 20 to 30 because not everything
that chat GPT is going to give you is
going to be super relevant and super
accurate for example list building here
some of these are about deliverability
some of these are from the call to
actions some of these are you
know not really Rel relevant to the
point of list building and some of them
are split like some of these I see right
here would be fa good FAQs for scripts
and deliverability and setup and stuff
but just not for list building so I what
I would do is narrow it down if we can
get nine or 10 lead magnets nine to 10
of these different categories with 20
FAQs in each that's 200 pieces of
content in terms of what you should post
over and over again and that will be the
basis of the content strategy and after
you do this you're probably never going
to have to think of any content ideas
ever again once you get 200 plus
ideas once you have kind of gone through
them and posted all about them you can
kind of just start over at the top
because at that
point the vast majority of people
wouldn't have seen it the first time of
those who've seen it everybody will have
forgotten and if the zero
.1% have seen it and haven't forgotten
repetition is important anyways so I'm
not going
to do all nine of these because I think
you get the point here but you just have
to go through it and try to reduce it
cuz not all 50 will be good and then you
just do the same thing for every single
other one just like that until you get
about 20 per and then that should be
good so the next thing I would do is I
would have I would choose the 30 most
important topics for a my YouTube
channel because on my YouTube channel I
want to make very
very indepth very very good not worrying
at all about views or likes or going
viral or engagement or anything like
that just
extremely specific extremely valuable
long form post just like this video and
what I would do is I would have so cold
email agency YouTube video ideas for
this one you are going to how to build
an email list how to set up
your cold email domains how to create a
cold email
offer how to
write a cold email script how to what
would be some other ones how to set up
subsequences how to do X Y and Z so what
I would do is I would come up with about
30 ideas that have that would make very
valuable content for a person who's
trying to learn about coal email and
these are the most effective types of
videos because in our 1000x leads
marketing funnel content appears at the
top as a way to drive top of funnel
traffic but it also appears as a
conversion mechanism as a way to convert
people who are who already know about us
and it serves dual purpose so you kind
of think more of you know this is to get
views well you know YouTube up here and
YouTube down here to basically
serve a dual purpose because a lot of
people will find out about you from
YouTube download a lead magnet in your
description open the lead magnet get
added to your email flows watch some
more YouTube videos and eventually book
a call like that is a very common path
for a lot of people and that's how I
actually book the majority of my calls
for 1000x
leads so what I would do here is I'm
going to have to have a gamma duck and
gamma is just a very nice app gamma dos
as opposed to Google Sheets gamma sheets
gamma dos instead of Google docs and
that kind of stuff I really like it so
what I would do is I would go into gamma
and make a you know video I make a
separate gamma do for every single thing
that I was going to do and I would use
this as the slides or the presentation
or whatever you want to call it for
every single video and I would do that
30 times just like this I would also
make a mirror board just like this one
for every single video and for proof of
concept that's what I'm doing with these
videos so you know that I'm telling you
the truth and that it works and I would
have a separate one for each of them and
that's what this is what I would do for
the basis of my videos I plan them all
out on mural board or in gamma I would
make the graphics to go along in Mirror
board and have very interesting
presentations and then today is March
9th for example so March 9th 2024
tomorrow is March 10th 2024 March 11th
2024 basically what I would be doing is
post one of these per day no edits no
fancy stuff no script and then once I've
gone through all of them again I would
essentially basically just start over
and the thing about starting over there
like this in this fashion is once you do
that
once you start over like that you
already have the miral board from last
time already kind of pre-made so it
makes it a lot easier to build on that
make it better so basically you're just
going to make the same 30 videos over
and over again but better is the
strategy for what I would do with these
30 most important topics so that would
be our content strategy get our 200 plus
FAQs do that for Twitter and LinkedIn
and Instagram and Facebook and Tik Tok
and then for YouTube just make the 30
most important videos over and over
again because in my view you don't want
to keep thinking of new video ideas
because that gets you further and
further and further away from the actual
important stuff because these videos are
not specifically meant to get a lot of
views they're meant to convert people
who are already in your funnel and show
that you are an absolute expert and if
you're posting very broad very you know
fluffy videos it's not going to work
properly so that is what I would
do the next thing we'd have to do is
let's go quickly let's go back to what
we're doing here so we have our
Instagram strategy our Twitter our
YouTube our Tik Tok and our LinkedIn and
we also need to add our lead magnets in
here because we have started to figure
them out haven't we of course we
have so let's go to just pulling it up
on my other monitor here just to save
time kind of thing so we need to add our
deliverability what were the other ones
our list
building we would need to add oops list
building we would need to have our
offers we would have to have have our
scripts we would have to have our setup
we would have to have setting
appointments we would have to have
following
up we would have to have the you know I
don't want to spam kind of guide and we
have to have our
subsequences so these are basically the
ideas of what we would do but those are
just the ideas now we have to turn these
ideas into actual lead magnets or we are
not going to you know we can't just say
here's a list building guide so what I
would do is a video
tutorial on how to export a
list but I'd also kind of try to take
that a little bit higher so I might do a
combination of that plus you know 10 to
20 examples of how you would
build build a
list for XYZ target audience I would
probably do both cuz remember we want
these lead magnets to be as good as
possible if the lead magnets aren't good
it's kind of going to backfire on us
because people aren't just going to be
grateful to us to have a lead magnet if
it's not good if it's not worth their
time they're actually going to hate us
and that's the thing to keep in mind so
in terms of you know we have to put in
effort into making these lead magnets
not just oh I'll have a one-page Google
doc with a few steps on how to export a
list we need to have a real we need to
solve their problems so completely that
if they just downloaded our lead magnet
they wouldn't need anything else and
that kind of makes a lot of people
nervous or give pause but people don't
want to do this themselves that's why
they're hiring Us in the first place
they just want to know that we know how
to do it and we need to prove that we
know how we do it by making the absolute
best lead magnets that anyone has ever
seen so the scripts you know I would
probably just have a script
framework and then I would have you know
10 to 20 examples of winning SL proven
cold email Scripts
for my offers I would have something
like what would I have here I would have
something like you know winning
offer a winning offer step
byep checklist would be good and then I
might have something
like a you
know a
chart on winning offer offers vers
losing offers so that'd be kind of like
what I'm thinking in my head here is
let's say you have you know a landing
page you're cold emailing people to get
landing page agency clients you could
have you know a very bad offer on the
left side of the chart so basically here
let me draw this instead of just telling
you about it might have like a chart
like this so you know B for bad offer G
for good offer
like I will make you a landing page
versus good I will make you a landing
page and you only pay plus only pay if
it
works and all I require is a $100
deposit or something like that would be
an example of the chart I'm not saying
that's what you should do for an offer
but that would be an example of a chart
you know 100%
stepbystep cold email setup plus
DNS
guide very
oops your deliverability I wrong one
this should be this should be over here
whoops getting ahead of myself I would
do you know top 10 things to do slash
avoid checklist for
deliverability very easy to understand
and very good format for
that following up I would have something
like f use your or not use but you know
seven part email followup framework that
they can just kind of copy and paste or
repurpose for themselves in their own
business and I would do something like a
seven-part email follow up using
subsequences
framework and I would also do
complete guide on how to trigger the
subsequences properly because if you
don't trigger the subsequences properly
they're not going to fire and it's not
going to
work and if anybody is watching this
that has never done C EML before this
Probably sounds like a foreign language
but for those who have it would probably
make quite a bit of
sense so what do we have to do setting
appointments
so I would do something like a you know
five-part
appointment setting process for cold
email so that would have to do with
things like that would have to do with
things like what you
say and I'm just giving examples here
what you say booking
Kenly preall flow meeting post call Flow
like that kind of stuff and then I don't
want to be a spammer I would do
something like
a you
know top five self-limiting
beliefs and how to overcome them with
cold emo that's kind of bad grammar
there but you know what I'm trying to
say hopefully the TP because I don't
want to be a spammer is a very big
self-limiting belief cold email is just
like anything else it could be used for
good or for bad in this case spam and I
think that's what I would do for my lead
magnets so now we kind of have our paid
ads our content our deliverability lead
magnet all of our other lead magnets we
kind of have this done because what we'
be doing is we'd be running paid ads to
these lead magnets just like this we'd
be posting content to all of those lead
magnets as well just we'll just do a
couple just for to show you we don't
need to do all of them so we're kind of
done for those
ones the next part is going to be our
Outreach funnily enough we're doing an
Outreach cold email agency and we have
to plan out our Outreach for this so to
build a proper Outreach thing or system
there's three parts there there's the
list there's the offer and there's the
script and
I kind of messed up at the start of this
video by not you know cold Emil agency
serving B2B businesses like that's kind
of Broad and when we're really building
the list here we probably want more
information than that like we want to do
cold email for B2B accounting SAS or we
want to do cold email for business
lawyers or we want to do cold email for
you know marketing agencies or something
but let's just roll with the punches
here even if it goes off the rails a
little bit and let's try to build our
list so let's see what we would have to
do here and let's reorganize these a
little
bit so what we'd want to do is we'd want
to use either Apollo Or List kit or Zoom
info or quite a few other ones but I'm
just going to use Apollo here so what
we'd want to do how would we build this
list first thing we'd want to do is we'd
want to only go to the United States
just because the cold email laws are the
least strict
there this is where it would be very
nice to kind of
know what we are would want to do in
terms of a niche but let's just roll
with it we'd want to let's just say
we're going to Target marketing agencies
for this just because we got to have
something right or let's say we want to
Target what could we target let's say we
want to Target a
marketing agency that does you know
Shopify stores or something they're an
e-commerce marketing agency there's a
few different ways that we could do this
so we'd either use Apollo like this or
we might go to
clutch.co and go to something like
Ecommerce
agency and you can see there are 700
firms but if we do something else like
we do Facebook ads
or we do something different but let's
just say
e-commerce there's going to always be
quite a few firms and what we'd want to
do is we'd either want to pay clutch.co
to for this information that's kind of
the point of them they'll give you this
information if you pay them or we could
hire a VA to go in and scrape all of the
emails or we could use an email scraping
tool if we know but this is a great way
to find marketing agencies clutch.co but
you could also build it just fine with
Apollo and let's try to do that so what
could we do for Technologies there's so
many different technologies that they
could be using there are so many
different Industries and keywords but
let's go marketing and advertising let's
just see what we can find
here so that is helpful that narrows it
down but for this cold email agency
let's let's do it between like let's say
we're trying to Target lower lower in
terms of Revenue agencies like if for
this one stagwell if it's 13,000
employees it's kind of unlikely that
they need us at that point it's kind of
unlikely that we'll win the job and even
if we do it'll take us months and months
to actually close the deal so let's say
we want to instead of doing that we will
do it between three and 10 employees and
that basically means three and 10
between three and 10 company emails
there might be more employees that just
don't have company emails but let's just
do it that because that would be a good
indication that they are a little bit
successful at least to have three
employees but not so successful where
they don't need us type thing now let's
use our brain a little bit more in this
case between 10 or three and 10
employees like
it would really be the founder or the
co-founder or the CEO who would be
making the decisions on who to hire and
who not to
hire because you know in that example
where there was 13,000 people like that
would be like who knows who would be
making the decision probably not the CEO
anymore or probably not the founder or
the owner when stuff gets to 13,000
employees they're not really any
founders are owners anymore it's an
executive team like that but when we
have 3 to 10 employees it probably would
still be the founder who's making this
decision or the CEO or the co-founder so
just by doing that going to marketing
and advertising industry going into 3 to
10 employees United States with the
founder co-founder CEO job title we have
about 20,000 potential contacts here so
let's what I always do and what I
recommend is you open up basically the
entire front page so there's 25 people
or 25 companies in terms of this with
Apollo and we want to open them up a
little bit and see like are these actual
real companies like is this probably who
we're looking for some sites will be
unavailable
maybe but it kind of seems
like this would be a good fit just based
on the stuff that I'm seeing from
opening a few of them and the rule that
I was taught and that I use is if 80% of
the people you look at on the first page
are good then you should export the list
and if not
then try to mess with your kind of
domain or your filters I know I said we
wanted to do an marketing agency for
e-commerce but it would kind of just
take a long time time to show you how to
do that with
clutch.co and be make the video
unnecessarily long so let's just go all
kinds of marketing agencies just for
this example so what did we do here we
did 3 to 10 employees to kind of make
sure if they have one employee they
might you know not make any money they
might not be able to afford it Etc but
if they have three to 10 that would be a
very good um indication that they at
least have some kind of Revenue and
there's like decently sized without
being too big where they don't need us
marketing and advertising
industry let's keep going further and
then we also had the
CEO founder
co-founder job title and we did that
because at that level with 3 to 10
employees in this type of business it
would be the founders CEO co-founder
making the decision because there's not
that many employees where you would talk
to like an HR type
person so let's go to our offer our
offer has to be very good because cold
email and paid ads they're not warm
leads these are about as cold as you
could probably get so we need to stand
out from the other people cold emailing
them especially the other cold email
agencies that are trying to get them to
buy from them instead so what could we
do for an
offer what I would probably do is say
something like a three-part offer maybe
like what do they need like we kind of
gotta have some context and perhaps like
a lot of these businesses that we're
going to be emailing probably don't do
cold email because cold email is a very
good way to get clients and if they did
tons and tons of cold email and they
were good at it they probably have more
than 3 to 10 employees would be my
thought process my educated
guess so our offer should kind of be
done with that in mind where you know
they need to set up cold email plus get
it to work at this point they don't have
they don't really want need to do you
know some very specific stuff with cold
email they're probably not even doing it
and if they are it's probably not
working very well so we need to you know
show them something like I here let me
drag this out to a few different parts
just to make it easier to read here you
know for free so this will be I will
choose 50 cold email domains for you and
show how to set it
up I will write five cold email scripts
for you
I will manage it for 30 days and if you
get
appointments you have to hire me as the
as the
deal so what could we do for this cuz
this would be a much better offer than
trying to just get them to say like
let's get on the call right something
like this would be a very good offer and
this is kind of from the pers
perspective of you're doing it for them
like internally I didn't choose to do
the offer here of like you just pay per
appointment cuz I feel like that is kind
of played out at this point this should
be like a a retainer based offer where
you're proving yourself ahead of time
versus having to you know do
it um having to like just work out
purely pay per appointment basis so
there's a few different schools of
thought like you could easily gone the
other way but I chose to go this way so
you can or I would be able to do a lot
of this automatically using AI so I
could very easily plug in you know some
other scripts that work well for me use
AI to choose cold email domains generate
all of the DNS records for them and have
instructions in a Google dock so I
actually know this for a fact because I
did this for a very brief period of time
time where was
it so this is an example of what you can
do 100% with AI so get all of their
tools and their setup guide and stuff
like this went through 100% AI in 5
seconds and generated all of this so you
can make this pretty efficient and that
allows you to make these kind of great
offers versus if you did this manually
like that would take a lot of time right
so here are the 100 cold Outreach domain
ideas or cold email domains here are all
the DNS records that they need to set up
for them with a video on how to do so
and here are the five cold email scripts
that are written by AI based on
something I did in the past that worked
well so that is an example of a great
offer that you know they wouldn't know
as AI they wouldn't need to know it's Ai
and it would differentiate me very
very well so something like that that's
what kind of offer I would make that's
way better offer than just can you get
on a call or do X Y and
Z so the rules for cold email for me are
keep the email to 75 words or less
because you don't want to write a book
there so I would choose a lot of
different or I would try a lot of
different versions of cold email copy
but but in my view if the offer is so
good like this it doesn't necessarily
matter how much or like how good your
script is it's just a no-brainer offer
and that's that's how Chads do cold
email instead of worrying about what
their script is just make them a great
offer I would probably focus it based on
a loom like I will do this for
you I made a video showing you exactly
what I would do mind if I send this over
that kind of stuff
and I would embed the
loom in the cold email plus have a
thumbnail showing my face just to build
extra trust and get them more likely to
respond so that's what I would really do
for the the script and try to add maybe
you know maybe add some social
proof I did this for XYZ agency as well
and they got 15 new clients or something
maybe if they've and kind of only do
that if they would have heard of the
agency or there's
not super not a lot of point or purpose
to doing that but this is what I would
do for my Outreach I would do the same
thing for cold email and cold DM just
because it's the same you know same kind
of offer you don't need to do it
separately but this is what I would do
for
that for Partnerships there would be a
few different types of Partnerships so
be white label referrals me media and
joint ventures so essentially like what
are some good things that we could do
for our white label and referral because
white label partnership is basically
your partner is hiring you to do the
work and they're kind of pretending that
they're doing it versus referral is
they're just referring to you and these
two people are going to be the same type
of people it's just some preference on
how they prefer to work so I would do
add like lead gen add
agencies like that would be a good
one what else would I do because leg gen
ad agencies
need kind of um if they're doing ads
they could offer cold email type of
thing you know appointment setter
agencies SLT
trainers people need appointment Setters
and that kind of stuff and if they if
those if they go to an appointment seter
an agency and they don't have enough
leads like those agencies usually
disqualify them and that would be a good
chance for them to refer them to us
closer sales agencies or trainers or
whatever same kind of thing if they
don't have enough leads for the closer
you know they might come and hire
us what would be another one what would
be some other agencies like content
marketing agencies you know content a
way to get leads and cold email is a way
to get leads and if they don't do cold
email they could refer them to us what
would be some other ones just kind of
like hm I just want to do one more here
and I'm trying to think and not waste
too much time thinking but I definitely
want to think of what I would do for
that like these are the four main types
of agencies that I think I would do so
in the interest of not wasting more time
let's leave it at that I would also try
to get on you know
podcasts you know newsletters
guest
posts let's kind of try to make these a
bit smaller because we don't need to
make them as that
big guest post on websites YouTube
channels anything that I could do to
leverage other people's audience in the
form of a media partnership speaking at
lead gen
events like all of these would be
excellent ways to
you know leverage people other people's
audience to get clients for
myself and for the joint venture in some
ways like you could do the same thing
you know you could have a joint venture
with a closer agency you know they you
know you work together so to get them
leads as well as closers to help them
close the deal you could have a joint
venture with the same ad agencies or
content marketing agencies
that you know now instead of they just
hiring someone to do cold email for them
they get ads and content too like this
is one of the situations where the joint
venture would be the same as the white
label and referral and it's not always
the case another thing you could do just
to you know you could have like a lead
gen course and you could partner with
those same people to
essentially you know you teach cold
email they teach content they teach
closing they teach appointment setting
they teach leg gen something like that
so there's different options for the
joint venture but I'd probably partner
with these kind of agencies and create a
joint offer if that was what I really
wanted to do if I was dead set on doing
joint ventures that's probably how I
would go about it so now we're kind of
you know we've done cold email we've
done cold DMS we've done all of our
Partnerships so I'm going to put some
check marks here so we're kind of let's
use a black line line here to separate
it we're kind of done all of this stuff
at the very top of our stuff and now we
just need to work on our mid to bottom
of funnel and our offers and then we'll
be done with this video so what should
we do here so let's go down and work on
our conversion mechanisms here for paid
products I know exactly what I would do
I would just sell
sell winning cold email scripts for each
industry they can just buy them and
that's that very simple in this case to
just sell cold winning cold email
scripts as a product and they can try it
for themselves and see what happens I
would affiliate for tools like list kit
Apollo
instantly um
close.com like things that they would
need to use they need to use list kit
and Apollo to ort the leads they need to
use instantly to send the cold emails
they would need to use close.com as
their CRM like these are very easy
things to do for my live Workshop I
would probably you know get people on
there and write scripts for them in real
time so you get 15 20 people on a live
workshop for example they tell you their
industry write some scripts in real
time for my newsletter I would write a
lead gen newsletter through three to
five times per week I wouldn't
necessarily do it only about cold email
just cuz that's super specific but I
make it at Legion as a whole and then
promote my own services in it for my
appointment setter I would just
basically you know hire someone to
follow up two times per week one of
those times would
be you know to help book a call like
these are to my leads I would have my
appointment setter saying get on a call
with Matt and then the second time I
would say have my appointment set are
you know kind of promoting the other
conversion mechanisms like join his
community are you reading his newsletter
join his live Workshop did you buy his
product you know did you join his
webinar that kind of stuff by having all
of these other things and opposed to as
opposed to like just having an
appointment setter we can get them to
follow up much more often without
annoying the absolute crap out of people
so for my unique mechanism I would build
the thing with AI build that cold email
offer using AI with the with the scripts
with the cold email domains with the um
all that kind of stuff that could easily
be automated with AI and that could be a
great conversion tool imagine a form on
your website where you say I will write
scripts for you people submit the form
and it automatically emails to them
would be absolutely
excellent 1 X YouTube video
per day you know the valuable ideas from
our spreadsheet not just random
ideas for my webinar I would do
something
like nine steps to a winning cold email
campaign or nine things to avoid for you
know to make sure your cold email
campaign doesn't flop or five things to
writing an awesome cold email script or
five things for an awesome cold email
offer you have different options here
and you could probably do all of those
and I would have a cold email
community and post you know one to three
times per
day in it very self-explanatory
but you kind of have to just focus that
on cold email because in my newsletter
I'd probably do leg gen just so I have a
broader audience but with my community I
would be doing cold email I would frame
the community as you know for my target
audience you know framed as specifically
for marketing
agencies and I would do the same with my
webinar forgot to add that there just
because you know I you could even frame
it for marketing agencies doing you know
100K to 500k per year to make it even
more specific because the value with
this is a lot of the time especially if
you serve people in bigger niches like
they are either a big company or
whatever if you just say I have a cold
email community and you don't frame it
in a specific way for your ICP or your
target audience people can kind of
discount it like saying okay that's just
a general thing full of noobs I'm not
going to join but if you frame these
very specifically like now this webinar
screams that that this is for them they
got to sign up versus this is just a
cold email webinar if that makes sense
so now we have our you know we have more
stuff in our funnel done you know cold
email
SS you know that would be plural cold
scripts you know winning campaign
webinar live Workshop writing scripts in
real
time you know lead gen newsletter 3 to
five times per
week cold email Community for marketing
agencies I'm going to winning winning
campaigns for marketing agencies
webinars too just to make that
consistent I would have my appointment
setter reaching out twice per
week and I would have one long form one
YouTube per day just like I have over
there and I would do the creating
scripts with AI unique value mechanism
to make all of this more efficient then
I could
really really kind of scale
up so we're going to put check check
marks here to signify we've done that
but you'll notice that we have two spots
here we have one for a thank you page
and we have one
for a email flow and these are basically
bridge the gap between the lead magnets
and whatever conversion mechanism we
want to do and well although we want to
have every single one of these
conversion mechanisms there will always
be one of them that makes the most sense
and I usually refer to it as your
dominant conversion mechanism that would
be which
one is kind of the most obvious that you
would want to promote and in this case I
would say that is the cold email scripts
with AI like how interesting would that
be you can just get
scripts that will just be basically done
for you using AI they won't know that so
email flows to
AI thank you page promotes
AI so the thing that we the reason that
usually I leave this blank here is
because the thank you page would promote
the most dominant one that you want to
do and so with the email flows where you
can promote the other ones after with
different lead magnets retargeting ads
email flows but we really want to get
them to activate as fast as possible to
whichever conversion mechanism that we
want to do very important part of it so
let's Also let's just delete this just
for cleanliness so now we basically have
our to of funnel completed we have our
middle of funnel completed and our
bottom of funnel completed we just need
to figure out a few different offers so
let's go to that
part so let's delete that not sure why
that was like that
so if they're unqualified we'd either
send them to the winning scripts we'd
have our Affiliates in our
lead magnets and that kind of stuff or
we would refer to other agencies that
would be a we'd sell a course on how to
do cold email we would do a program
which is
basically the same thing as the course
except probably you know you have some
coaching calls or some more feedback as
opposed to just selling them something
like
that so those was are kind of obvious
for what we do there so now we just have
to think of our our recurring service
and our onetime service so the recurring
service is kind of obvious just retainer
based cold email management you know
things like exporting the lists writing
the scripts making the offers and that
kind of stuff and the onetime service
because to take advantage of this they
need to have it set up so I would do set
up their cold
email
infrastructure for something like two 2
to 3K and you can just have a VA do that
so in this case the offers are kind of
obvious but it's very important that we
have all of them and it's not always the
case where it's super
obvious so we have our retainer or our
retainer based management we have our
onetime setup we have our program we
have our course and we have our setup so
now we have a complete funnel and it's
only 55 minutes into this video and look
at how much we have accomplished so this
is exactly what I would do to set up a
cold email agency and I'm very very
confident that with this system I would
have no problem getting it to a million
dollars in Revenue in the course of a
year just because I have so many ways to
acquire customers so many lead magnets
to capture leads so many ways to convert
the
different leads and subscribers with the
conversion mechanisms and so many offers
to sell to people I hope you enjoyed
this video and I'll see you in the next
one in the next hour or so I'm going to
show you how to apply a full complete
1000x leads funnel to an email marketing
agency for e-commerce Brands I'm going
through examples to show you that this
can be applied to absolutely any
business and it will grow your business
like crazy and I'm going to do it today
with with said email marketing agency so
if you're wondering you like my content
or you're just wondering how you'd
actually apply a great marketing funnel
to a particular business model keep
watching my videos I've already made one
for a Facebook Ad Agency and a cold
email agency and I'm just going to keep
working my way through them it's not
going to be you know only agencies I'm
going to do it for CPAs and commercial
real estate brokers and that kind of
stuff next but it's very very important
to watch these videos cuz it really
helps you visualize how it actually
works in the real world instead of me
just telling you to do stuff on a random
YouTube video so let's get started so
I've taken the 1000x leads funnel and
I've made it empty essentially right
here and I should put the niche at the
top email marketing agency serving
e-commerce Brands I'm going to put e
e-commerce Brands under 5 million in
Revenue just to make it clear because
let's go between 1 and
five because it's very important to get
that Niche down this is not for this is
not an email marketing agency for
beginners or for brands that are like
Fortune 500 type companies this is for
Brands between 1 and 5 million a year in
Revenue so let's get right to it I've
made all of the steps empty our lead
magnets our thank you page and our email
flows our conversion Mech isms and our
offers and I'm going to go through how I
would run paid ads how I would do
content how I would do Outreach how I
would do Partnerships how I'd make all
these and so on and I hope this is a
very valuable video for you to watch
it's probably going to be between 50 and
70 minutes but we will have to
see so let's go first things first
because we have to figure out what our
lead magnets and what our main
categories are going to be because this
is going to determine the rest of our
content strategy our C emails our
webinar and a lot of different things so
the first thing that I always do when
doing this is I'll open up a Google Dock
and I'm going to title it email
marketing agency overview so what we'd
want to do here is we want to determine
what are the
biggest and most important objections
with e-commerce email marketing
let's put that
there so what are some that we can do
we'll have
deliverability we will have
design we will have
copywriting we will have popups we will
have email flows we will have email
newsletters or broadcasts the single
sends what else would we
have deliverability design copywriting
popups we will have kind of the the
sales and discounts like for Black
Friday and that kind of stuff what are
some other ones that we will have we
could have something like list cleaning
but that's kind of a deliverability so
in this case I feel like this actually
gives us a pretty good might put offers
in there this actually gives us a pretty
good thing to do or pretty good basic of
which to go off of like I said in
previous videos we need a lead magnet
for every single category but that
doesn't necessarily imply we need one or
two or 100 it's the exact amount that
are necessary and I would also go
something like product page
optimizations because your emails are
going to go to a product page or some
kind of offer page so let's put these in
there and I'm going to take this over to
my other
screen or let's see yeah I'm going to
take this over to my other screen just
to make this easier to put in there so
we have
deliverability which means like getting
them to go to the inbox instead of the
spam we have
copyrighting we have
popups we have email
flows we have email newsletters or
broadcasts or whatever you want to call
them we have sales and
discounts we have
offers and we have our product page
optimizations we're going to call use
the acronym PDP for product page here
just because it's typically a common
e-commerce acronym and I don't have room
to put product page there so this is or
these are what the main categories I'm
going to use for this video are so if we
bring this back over to the screen this
is very important because we have to
have this ready at the start because the
categories and stuff like this in the
funnel are going to determine what our
lead magnets are as well as our content
strategy as well as our webinar as well
as a little bit about our newsletter and
all of that kind of stuff also it would
we need to do this at the start because
we can't do the rest without it and we
have to correctly identify these things
we can think of this our lead magnets as
you know all of the different parts of a
or all the different objections we need
to make these lead magnets to overcome
all of them at scale because if we have
a 1,000x leads marketing funnel and
stuff like this we're going to be
getting so many leads through ads
content Outreach Partnerships that we
won't have time to go back and forth
like crazy with people like we are when
we don't have this funnel if we're just
getting one or two or three leads per
week we can kind of nurture them
manually but we need this all to be AO
automatic at scale so we have to set
ourselves up for
that so let's put these into the actual
let's put these into the actual lead
magnets as well because that is what
it's going to be about so let's zoom in
a little so it's easier to see
design
copywriting
popups email flows
email newsletters we kind of did this
already but we have to put this in there
sales
discounts
offers and product
pages so now we kind of got to think
about what we' want to do for the lead
magnets for each because these are the
categories these are the things that we
need to make lead magnets for but how we
would kind of do these lead magnets or
make them is not the same we just don't
say we have a email deliverability guide
an email design guide we have to frame
them in a way that's appealing for for
ads and for Content because just saying
free email
deliverability guide is going to get a
way worse you know cost per lead when
we're advertising than 12 step checklist
to ensure emails never go to spam again
like that is how we would want to to
frame it cuz how you frame it is very
important for ads for just conveying the
value it's kind of like when I I've
often heard stories in books and from
people I know about in the publishing
industry where they just change the name
of a book title and nothing else and the
cover and it can really really just
impact sales like by millions of copies
and it's the same thing with here how we
promote it and how we frame it is going
to be
just as important so for design we put
swipe file of 250 amazing emails from
seven8 and nine figure
Brands and we want to put probably like
a swipe file is a very good way to
convey the value here because a design
could mean a lot of different things to
a lot of different people and we just
want to make it as easy as possible to
extract the value we'd have a design
guide we'd have stuff like that in here
but a swipe file is the examples part
and i' really would like and I really
think that this is a good addition from
seven eight and N figure Brands because
that really calls out the target
audience more and even for people who
aren't in the target audience like that
still is interesting to them so this
would attract pretty much everybody in
the market from a nine figure brand
owner to the the actual bottom of the
barrel beginner and I think that's very
important for copywriting I would do a
copywriting master class plus checklist
of dos and
don'ts and I would do this because
similar to
design the you know copyrighting is such
an extensive subject that you know
people lots of people disagree with and
it just requires or not you know you can
say these are the things you should do
for copyrighting but it's very easy for
someone to disagree with that and
everybody doesn't come to a consensus so
I would do something like my own version
of master class plus a checklist and I'd
also have something like 50 examples of
amazing email
copy in the form of a from seven eight
and nine figure Brands like this would
be combined into one but you would just
have to kind of frame this as a bonus
and it's just very important because we
need these we need these lead magnets to
be all inclusive like everything not
just you know 10% of the problem or 100
50% we need it to completely solve the
problem in every single way because
that's how we get them to trust us with
these lead magnets some to the pop-ups I
would have a swipe file of amazing
popups and I would also put the from
eight or seven8 and nine figure Brands
CU we just want to call
the call out the you
know target audience as much as possible
if they're like we said if we're they're
doing one between between 1 and 5
million we need to you know either show
them the desired result like eight
figure e-commerce
Brands copywriting master class because
copywriting is very general everybody
needs copy so by calling out the kind of
where they want to go plus the you know
Niche e-commerce that really would make
it more appealing and an add to someone
who actually has an e-commerce brand in
our target
audience I do something like an email
flows you know seven email you know
seven type of email flow master class
for
e-commerce and I would do something like
a like a
framework
let's framework for each email flow
something like that they said you give
them like the the
and then you give them something to be
actionable know I probably do a swipe
file of amazing newsletters from 78 and
nine figure Brands there's kind of going
to be a pattern here because that's
probably with something like email where
you know there's no the answer for a lot
of it is it depends it's going to be
hard for us
to just tell them you know this should
be X Y and Z cuz we don't know and it's
hard to do something that would work for
for everybody so giving a swipe file is
just a very a very easy solution to this
problem and I do something like a
framework for each email newsletter as
well not exactly exciting a little bit
repetitive but it is what it is for
sales and discounts I would do a I would
do a annual sales
calendar plus when you should start
preparing so let's say you know Martin
Luther King day then Valentine's Day
then um Easter then spring break or I
know that's that's probably out of order
then you know Labor Day then Black
Friday then Christmas and all of the
holidays in between like an all annual
calendar and I would mark down when you
should start preparing for the rest of
them and I would also do a you know
something like a you know pre-launch
checklist for every
sale or something you know like here's
your pre here's your pre Black Friday
calendar you make sure you have X Y and
Z that kind of stuff I would have an
offer you know I'd have a 12 step offer
creation master class for higher
conversion rate plus average order value
and those are just acronyms for what I
said there it's very good um I'd also
put e-commerce and 12 steps that's
completely arbitrary just got to think
of something for this video and I would
put a swipe file of amazing
offers from the yes same thing sorry for
the repetition but I'm not that sorry
because this is actually what I would do
and product page optimizations I would
have something like a you know 12 oh my
God 12 step product page optimization
checklist so you're going to notice that
with something like email it's kind of
going to be like this and everybody
loves examples not a lot of people think
for themselves so the swipe files are an
amazing tool for something like this
especially e-commerce owners don't
really think for themselves too much
they just copy whoever's winning in a
lot of cases so now we have our
categories here we have our what we
would do for the lead magnet so I think
it's fair to go over here and add some
checklists because we're starting to
check some of this off and I would just
run ads to all of these
equally and the way they're framed in
the kind of what they are I think they
would do a great job for ads I would
just run ads to each of these just going
to put this
here just like this just to show you
that I would have 12 separate ad
campaigns for this
and the reason for that is we want to
them to overcome the objections right if
we just run ads to one they might figure
out their deliverability but they won't
figure out the rest if you want if you
if you in another case like if you know
that you have just one that's way better
than the others you might just advertise
one and give them all to them but the
only downside or problem with that is
let's say you knew your design lead
magnet was the best and you wanted to
just advertise that and the best means
the lowest cost per lead so you would
just kind of let's go back and let's
take this
out let's just say you only did the
design one like this and then you kind
of gave them the rest as just like a
bonus or allinone that is possible and
it can be done that way when you know
that like let's say this one got $1 per
lead and the other ones got all got $5
per lead like that would be a situation
where probably a good idea just to
advertise the one because you're getting
five times as many leads for the same
price the only problem is with it and
this can be solved with having a great
lead magnet and framing it properly but
let's say someone isn't like a certain
percentage of the market is never going
to download this lead magnet just
because they're already great at design
but I don't know how true that is in
this case in certain cases it is like if
they don't even know what deliverability
is like they might not download it if
they got it C covered they might not
download it but design is good
especially swipe files so that is just
kind of a little lesson to learn there
so the next thing we want to do is
figure out what our content strategy is
going to be and we do that with this
there's kind of three parts the
platforms that we want to use in THX
leads and in these videos I tell you to
go Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Tik Tok
and YouTube we have the schedule what we
want to post and we have the strategy
so what we want to do is we want to use
hype Fury and this is my hype
Fury so what I would do in my hype Fury
and I'm not going to do this in here
specifically because I already have mine
set out but we want to basically
dedicate each day so Monday would be
deliverability Tuesday would be design
Wednesday would be what was the third
one already forgetful copywriting
Thursday would be popups Friday would be
email flows Saturday would be
newsletters sunnd would be sales and
discounts so we can kind of disperse
them if we have more than seven
categories throughout each day we want
to do that just to like build all of our
tweets and stuff on one day and then
what we want to do and I'll show you
here is we want to put our stuff in hype
Fury this is my example post here and
then you could just click these buttons
and it will cross post to LinkedIn
Facebook and Instagram and that saves
you the time of having to do all of
these so then what we do as well like
we're going to be posting five times per
day maybe a little bit more on Twitter
and therefore Instagram and Linkedin so
what you want to do after that is you do
something like you go to your analytics
here and you can sort your tweets by
likes or engagement and the the most the
tweets that get the most engagement
typically would make great videos
because those are the ones that people
have signified that they are going to
want to do right if most people like
these tweets that signals there's an
interest in it's probably worth going in
for a video type of thing so that is the
platform so let's put a check mark there
the schedule we want to do five FAQ
tweets per day three long form threads
per week three images or Graphics per
week and one offer or promotional post
per day and I'm going to show you what
exactly what I mean by the FAQ tweets
might make sense to flip these around in
future videos and then you want to do
one Tik Tok per day and Tik Tok also
would posted on YouTube shorts and
Instagram reals just to clarify that and
then you'd want one long form
video per
day and that would be the schedule so
you'd have you know five to maybe seven
tweets per
day you'd have one Tik Tock or short
form per day and one YouTube long form
per day and this is the schedule that I
would create so for the strategy there's
going to be two different ones and I'm
broking them up into Twitter and YouTube
because Twitter is going to feed the
strategy for Instagram and Linkedin and
Facebook and as well as Tik Tok so I'm
going to do one of there I'm going to
open a Google Document actually I'm
going to open the same document from
before with that that I used to make
these lead magnets and I'm going to
basically what the strategy that I use
because this strategy is very important
because it's easy
and it also leads to the you posting the
right content for your target audience
so what I would do here is I would say
something like give me 50 frequently
asked questions about email
deliverability for e-commerce Brands
don't make these surface level make them
tailored to a target audience that does
$1 to5 million in Revenue per year
don't explain the FAQs just give me a
list of 50 because if you don't say that
it will explain it and what we'd do here
is we'd wait for we'd basically do this
for every single
category and then we'd get we'd be
asking it
for 50 basically 50 FAQs and then we
would kind of what we want to do is kind
of read through each of them and filter
them out because not all of them are
going to be good and some of them are
going to be kind of like the same thing
just slightly
rewarded and then we'd want to narrow it
down to maybe narrow it down to
20ish per and it's not really a
situation where you have to narrow it
down like if there's 50 that are good
then there's 50 that are good but
usually not the case FAQs per
category if you have
20 20ish FAQs times 9 categories like we
have here
that is 180 FAQs basically you can just
keep answering these questions through
content over and over and over and then
by the time you get through all 180 FAQs
no one's going to remember most people
didn't see the first one anyways and if
they did the
0.01% of those people repetition is
important as well so let's copy and
paste these in here and take a look at a
few of them I'm not going to do this for
every single one just for the sake of
time like I think that you would get the
picture just by seeing me do it once and
then you can do this for yourself but
let's kind of zoom in here and see like
how does email sender reputation impact
deliverability that's a very good one
what are the best practices how do
authentication protocols what are the
implications of a sh like these are all
in my opinion the top five or six seven
or eight I read are very
very good for this so in this case this
specific example you might have more
than 20 per and that's just fine so I'm
going to move on from that one so we've
got a Google doc just like that and now
we need to have our so we have our
strategy for the Twitter's and then
therefore the Instagram and Linkedin and
Facebook and Tik Tok but now we got to
think of our YouTube strategy because
our YouTube strategy it's not going to
be different but it's going to be it's
going to be more focused so what we'd
want to do is something like this email
marketing
agency YouTube
ideas so we put video ideas in one
column here we would put miral board
link we put gamma do link and we put
date last posted here so these are the
four things that we'd really want want
to have and let's just make this stand
out a little
bit so what we'd want to do is we'd want
to think of about 30 different ideas for
great videos so e-commerce
copywriting Ecom email copywriting Ecom
email design Ecom email
deliverability Ecom email popups I'm not
going to put Ecom email anymore I'm just
going to put the thing sales off offers
what else did we have
images what else did we have subject
lines preview
text
um deliver oh we already have
deliverability so what were the other
ideas that we
had so we had copyrighting popups uh yes
flows that's kind of a big one
embarrassing newsletters product page
optimizations we could even get for into
the welcome flow the post purchase flow
the sunset flow the browse abandonment
flow we could get into the abandoned
cart
flow what are some other flows we have
winback
flow we could do the upsell flow we
could do you know
reviewing emails from 7 8 and nine
figure
Brands we could have you know redoing
emails from X Y and Z brand and we want
to have 30 ideas and the thing we want
to do here in my opinion or what I would
be doing is keeping these ideas
relatively specific we don't want to
make a crazy you know we could just do a
general e email master class that's like
a bunch of these videos pinned together
together hours
long you know how to set up a clavio
account like these are some but we want
to keep these videos very pointed
towards the product or towards our
target audience because we don't want to
make these very broad because if we make
them very broad then we lose our
credibility a little bit and if we make
them very very broad a lot in terms of
our target audience we're making these
videos specifically for
Ecom email marketing agencies that serve
Brands between 1 and 5 million if we
just start making beginner focused
emails we lose a lot of credibility with
this demographic not that they you know
hold you contempt for you or anything
they just won't watch your videos
anymore so it's very important that we
keep it just like that and what we do
today is March 10th for example we'd
basically just make all of these videos
once and then once these videos once
we've made all 30 we would kind of just
keep going and repost them but make them
better so what we want to do is we want
to make a mirror board just like this
for example for each and every single
video to make the graphics and we could
either present right from that mirror
board or we could do just use it to make
the graphics I choose to present right
from it and we basically make a mirror
board that's unique to each and every
single one and the beauty of doing it
this way is once we've gone through all
of our idea our ideas the first time we
already have the mirror board there so
we can either just build on what we had
in the past or we can do whatever we
want we'd also do same thing email
deliverability for an e-commerce brand
and we make a gamma do for all 30 ideas
and similarly to the miror board we
would have now when we go to make them
all a second time we already have the
previous gamma do in place so we can
just focus on making it better so think
of these you know there's only so many
topics that I could do for this
eCommerce email marketing agency and I
don't want to get away from all of them
so if we choose 30 that's one video per
day we know you're making the same video
12 times per year but better and by the
time you do and because you're going to
be learning as you go and you could
always you know make it a little bit
specific like here's how I would do a
welcome flow for this type of business
instead of just in general and it's very
interesting but very pointed content
that won't rub your target audience the
wrong way and I think that's the best
way to go about it if I have to choose a
way to tell you to do and you're
watching this video for that purpose I
imagine so you kind of are asking me to
tell you what to do so the thing about
this is this is going to be the YouTube
strategy and it saves you coming up with
all of those different ideas all the
time so now I would say it's fair to say
that we have our paid ads we have our
lead magnets and we have our content
strategy so let's put some check marks
here so what do we have to do next we
have to do our Outreach our Partnerships
our conversion mechanisms and so on I
would just sell
pre-made email templates for $97 as the
paid product I would have email related
SAS affiliat stuff like clavio
like SK like postcript like just insert
e-commerce email app I would obviously
have one time long form YouTube video
per day for the content piece of
it and let's keep going I would have an
e-commerce marketing newsletter and I
would probably try this instead of just
an email specific one i' either have an
e-commerce yeah I'd probably have an
e-commerce email newsletter sending
three to five times per week and i'
probably do that just because email
marketing like it'd be a tough
decision what I would do to be honest
because email marketing for e-commerce
is a bit
Niche
but no I would make it an email
marketing newsletter three to five times
per week and then I could appeal to
people outside of e-commerce if I ever
wanted to but I could promote it as an
yeah that's what I would
do yep but I would send it three to five
times per week and that's an important
part so kind of what we can do here is
now we can just check a few more things
off we have our that's an bad choice of
color for that we have our email like
our paid product we have our SAS we have
our newsletter we have our long form
video for our content and now we just
kind of got to fill in the rest so let's
go to the Outreach because there's
always going to be three parts to
outreach I'm going to consider cold
email and cold DM the same thing for
this
purposes so
let's go to this so first thing we got
to do is build our list so we got to
build a list of e-commerce stores so I
would head into
Apollo I would go to search and I would
first thing I would do is use
Technologies
Shopify and Shopify plus as
well so that narrows it down to 4
million stores it's quite a bit location
I would do the United States because
that is where most of the money is and
they have the least strict cold email
laws the thing I wouldn't use Revenue
here because the revenue things are not
super accurate on this they kind of take
an industry average conversion rate
times an industry average average order
value and just assign your website
traffic to that and that doesn't not
it's like accurate 5% of the time so I
would always use employees here so I
know based on my own e-commerce
experience that you can make a pretty
good sized Ecom store with not that many
employees if I'm going after 1 to 5
million doll brand I would probably use
three to 10 employees and this is
basically means the number of employees
that have company email address so it's
very specific
there so they could have if you're doing
if you're not doing your own e-commerce
fulfillment and you're not doing your
own e-commerce you know
manufacturing this is the range of
employees that I think a brand of this
size would
have the last thing I would do is go to
job titles at this stage I'd probably
say the founder maybe the CMO maybe the
director of Mark marketing maybe the
marketing director see if that also
makes a
difference no it's kind of the same
thing so I narrowed it down here to from
the 4 million Ecom stores that are using
Shopify to basically 13,000 and I think
that gives us a much better chance
to get in touch with the kind of person
that would be good for us so what you'd
want to do is you want to open up all of
these things before before you export
this list and if 80% of them seem like
they would be good like based on your
best guess they would be in your target
audience then you would export the list
and if not then you'd probably mess with
your filters a bit I opened three here
and this is the video but I would
probably export this this seems
reasonable to me so that's how I would
build the list so let's go back to this
here so what did I say I said
Shopify you know
Technologies Shopify and Shopify
plus because that's a great that's a
great way to just filter it out because
if they're using those like they're
obviously on
Shopify I did
location United States and if you are
from like Germany or you're from
Australia or something like that feel
free to put your target audience in
there it's no problem I put employee
count 3 to
10 and what else did I do I did job
titles job
titles Founders CMO director of
marketing founder Founders we'll just
put
founder and the reason I did all these
cuz that's at this stage that is
probably who would be determining
whether they're hiring e-commerce email
marketing agency or not so that's the
list
basically so for the offer because the
offer in my view in my experience is the
number one leverage point it's the
number one thing that will determine
whether your cold email campaigns work
or not whether that you get clients from
them and a lot of people don't focus on
the offer that try to focus on their
script and that kind of stuff but if you
get the offer right the script doesn't
really matter and the what I say offer
here I means something that's actually
good not a lot of
people they get all their clients from
referrals and networking and you don't
even need an offer really when you do
that they just if they're looking for
e-commerce email help they'll just hire
you but when you're doing it from cold
in the case of paid ads the case of
content to some degree content's a
little bit warmer
than your C email and your ads would be
but we need to have something great
because they're getting especially
e-commerce stores are going to be
getting tons and tons and tons and tons
of basically cold emails and spam 247
365 so what I would do here is I want to
do something very very awesome that
really gets you know people to respond
to me and to do this I would make
something like a make.com automation
haaha make
make.com and I would do something
similar to what I've done in the past or
what some people have done with in the
past basically what I would do here is
say I
will write you
six or I will like I will write your
welcome flow for free or something like
that because that's a lot better that's
a lot different than your average person
who just wants to get on a call you know
I will write your welcome flow for free
to show my skills you know and then you
could say something
like or that would be the offer I guess
you could say that's the offer that I
would use and then if they if that works
for them you it's very easy to say if
you like or you could even add like a
guarantee is what I'm trying to
say you know if you like it we can a
test against current one and if it
doesn't win I will give you a refund
like that would be a ball and offer in
my
opinion so let's just say if it doesn't
beat current welcome flow in a
test I will give you a refund this is a
lot better offer than just say get on a
call it's a lot better offer than just
saying you know Point Blank if it
doesn't beat it on AB test I'll give you
a refund cuz you're actually showing
them you know proof of what you're going
to do here so this is an awesome offer
in my opinion but to make it even better
we should use AI use you know kind of
make prompts using your previous winners
plus generate via AI if we can do that
that really lets us ramp up the cold
email volume or the yeah the cold email
volume to people and we could probably
get you know dozens of people to take us
up on this offer and this is what it
would look like this is a cold email one
but you could apply this where you
know it writes email one it writes email
two it writes email 3 it writes email 4
five and six and you just basically
upload your previous stuff format it all
in a Google doc and then send it to them
so the Google Doc for this one would
look something like
something like
this but for this is what this specific
one which is the cold email one but you
just formulate it into a Google doc and
then send it to them and if it wins or
if they just like it better it's very
easy to say I will turn these into
beautifully designed emails for you for
2500 or something like that or for a
thousand let's just say and that would
take the place of our intro offer which
we'll talk about
later in terms of the script what we
really want to do is not so much write a
script but you know follow some specific
guidelines so we want to have it 75
words or less for the first email do not
write a
book you
know record a loom slash you know video
Loom is a software but video explaining
the offer and then our script can become
something like we kind of have to Let's
kind of have to make this a little bit
bigger here but our script to be like
something like you know
hey hey
name I do email marketing for Ecom
Brands
between 1 to 5 million who want to get
to 10 to 20
million I will you know one of the most
important parts of doing this is the
welcome flow because that has a huge
impact on your CPA your customer or your
cost per
acquisition I will write you a welcome
flow for free and test it against the
current
one and if it beats it I can turn you
know it into beautifully designed emails
you know or if I was willing to
write a new welcome flow for you for
free would you be interested in trying
it out something like that and I would
probably think about it quite a bit more
than that but this is a video and we
kind of got a we're already at 41
minutes here so there's 64 words there
you could say something like and then
you could have something like
I can send you a
loom going over the details and
process we could put you know something
I am
willing to write a new welcome flow for
free for you to AB test against your
current one
I recorded a loom that would be
better would you like me to send it over
that's 83 words could remove a few here
it's not super
[Music]
important and to scale you need to keep
your down so I say 75 words but if it's
90 words or 91 let's go for for it but
that is how I would write the cold email
script for this just just like that so
that's what my script would be so now we
can kind of say that we are done with
Outreach we're done with co cold email
we're done with cold DM just going to
say we're done with prospecting because
I'm not going to go over that in this
video because that's a whole can of
worms on its own so next we have to go
to White Label so we need to brainstorm
the the type of Partners
that would be good for white label and
referral because referral and white
label are going to be the same so you'd
have Ecom ad
agencies basically anybody who serves
e-commerce Brands who's not competitive
with you so let's just because we kind
of get the point that their
agencies so landing page
agencies you know ugc
influencer paid
ads but we'd also have like you know
email related
SAS such as
clavio or whoever s lane we'd also have
email related apps or apps apps that use
email to work like stuff like
subscription apps and stuff like you
know SMS and stuff you know you get the
picture so the thing about the white
label and the referral Partners is both
of them are going to be you know the
same person or the same type of like the
same partner it's just a matter of do
they prefer to work in a white label
scenario or a referral
scenario for media let's put some stuff
down here just to stagger it a little
bit I would probably do something along
the lines
of you know do cold email
to let's let's try to make this a little
neat just for you know just because we
have high
standards so we do something like I
would try to go on Ecom
podcasts I would do guest posts for
bloggers you know or Ecom blog blogs
we'll just say it with that
try to get featured in Ecom or maybe I
would sponsor an Ecom newsletter that
would be even better and the last thing
I would do is try to get on Ecom
YouTube channels and I'm going to move
the word try because we'll just do that
it's not that difficult so where would I
find these Partners I'd probably find
these Partners mostly manually mostly
prospecting because there's not going to
be in my view a great place to find find
them you might be able to go to
newsletter directories or blog
directories and that might work but you
wouldn't have like you wouldn't need
10,000 you know names to contact you
probably only need a couple
hundred for joint venture I'd probably
do something like a you know a course
with other agencies where the same
agencies as you are over here because
you know if I know everything about
email marketing I partner with a PID Ad
Agency a SEO agency a landing page a ugc
influencer and stuff
and you know make a course that's better
than what I could it's better the sum of
all of our knowledge is better than
anything that we could make on our own
and that's probably who I would go after
for
Partnerships so let's put Partnerships
now so we're now we're really getting
somewhere all we have to do is figure
out some conversion mechanisms and I
would do the AI to write the welcome
flow there so that's done as well
so now we just got to figure out a few
different things here our appointment
setter is going to follow up twice per
week that's kind of just standard there
so let's go down to our conversion
mechanisms we already have a few of them
done AI to write welcome
flow you know one long
form YouTube per day let me zoom in on
on this cuz it's kind of hard to
see we would have a email marketing
newslet three to five times per week and
I chose that instead of an e-commerce
specific one you know
pre-made email templates for $97 however
many I probably do like 20 or something
like that I don't even know I would do
clavio s lane postcript
SK affiliate let's just leave it at that
for now and now we got to think of our
appointment setter is going to follow up
two times per
week with one of those being the other
conversion mechanisms and one trying to
set a
call and what I mean by that is you know
maybe on Monday he could try to set up a
call but we want to keep contacting the
people as much as possible but trying to
set up a call twice per week might be a
bit much so maybe one time you could say
let's get on a call the other time you
could say you know watch the webinar or
join the live Workshop or join the
community or have you seen this video or
have you gotten your welcome flow for
free type thing that's what I mean so
one of these conversion mechanisms would
be you know he's going over here he's
going over here he's going over here and
the other one would be down to the calls
so what would I do I would do from for a
live Workshop I would you know design
emails in real
time on live Workshop I think that would
be a great thing to do you know in figma
maybe I think that would be an excellent
demonstration of the skills and make
make a great recording to show to
prospects too so you just get on a maybe
Tuesday at noon you just go on there and
design emails in real time I would do an
email marketing Community that's more
than just e-commerce but because my ads
and stuff and my content is tger to more
eCommerce I wouldn't exclude anybody
who's not an e-commerce but it would
predominantly be e-commerce similar for
the logic behind I want to make my email
or my newsletter email marketing instead
of e-commerce email marketing and I
don't want to make my community
e-commerce or my newsletter e-commerce
because that's just too broad it's
keeping in line with the service but not
kind of addressing a bigger audience in
cas I want to expand my target audience
to like info products and you know B2B
businesses at some point for a webinar I
would do something
because you know if I'm positioning
myself as you know we need to lower our
customer acquisition cost if we want to
scale I would do you know top 10 things
to lower your CPA you know top 10 things
your welcome flow needs to to lower your
paid ad CPA your cost per acquisition I
think that would be a great thing to do
a webinar about so let's go and fill you
know welcome flow lowering CPA
webinar designing emails in real time
using
figma an
e-commerce or no an email marketing
community
so now we're really getting somewhere we
have all of this stuff but basically
what I would want to do is you see these
two things are blank here that's for our
thank you page and our email flows and
we kind of want to decide in my
opinion which of the conversion
mechanisms we want to be our dominant
one which one do we want to promote in
the email flows and the thank you page
because that kind of
matters and really what I would do here
so because we're going to get so many
people in the top of the funnel for the
different lead magnets i' probably want
to promote the pre-made email templates
to try to get some of my ad Revenue back
and it also goes in nicely to you know
if you love these templates I can make
you custom ones that don't look like
everybody
else's so email flows
promoting email flows promoting
templates as well as well as the thank
you page promoting templates so that is
basically what we would need to do for
that we we always have to make that
decision because we always of course we
want to promote every single one of our
conversion mechanisms and that will
happen over time but we got to choose
what we want to do for our thank you
page what do we promote so they would
sign up for a lead magnet similar
to similar to
this and if they filled this out they
would be redirected to the the sales
page type
thing so the final thing we need to do
is think of our offers so we want to
make referral Partnerships with
with bigger plus smaller agencies
because if they're if they're not in
that $1 to5 million range if their
revenues lower we can refer them to a
smaller agency or a freelancer and
collect a fee and we' probably not be
equipped if we somehow managed to get
someone doing 50 million a year in the
funnel so we'd want to refer that to a
bigger
agency we'd have our email marketing
course and we'd have our you know get
feedback from me for 500 per month is
what I'd probably do for the
program I would do you know welcome flow
redesign you know rebuild as my onetime
service cuz that goes in from this AI
thing very well and then I would just do
ongoing email management as my main
service and that's the service that most
Ecom agencies would have together so we
kind of have every single part of this
agency built now and that's pretty
in-depth I would say this is exactly how
I would build a $1 million e-commerce
email marketing agency from start to
finish I've got my content strategy my
coil offer my partners my lead magnets
my conversion mechanisms and my offers
and this is really all you would need to
build this agency in my opinion so I
hope this was valuable and thank you for
watching this is going to be a very very
interesting video for a lot of people I
think because what I'm going to do
instead of teaching you or showing you
what to do or you know X Y and Z like I
normally do I'm going to make a few
videos this one included on how to apply
this entire funnel to a particular
business model so this is going to be
the first video that I'm doing this so
I'm just going to figure it out and see
how it goes and then I'm going to build
on this with several more videos in the
future so we have our funnel here we
have our paid ads we have our content
our Outreach our Partnerships our lead
magnets our thank you Pages our cold
emails our Partnerships our products
Affiliates and other conversion
mechanisms our website and our offer so
I'm going to make this video on how you
would apply this to a Facebook Ad Agency
that serves e-commerce Brands and I
think it'll be very good very fun so
let's go right into it so right off the
bat I've made or I've taken out kind of
the different parts and put blank parts
for you know what would be specific to
this they are going to be things such as
Instagram Twitter Youtube Tik Tok
LinkedIn and your website and a sales C
like those things are going to be the
same for virtually any business but all
of the rest would probably be specific
to a Facebook Ad Agency serving
e-commerce Brands so I have it right
here and I think that I'm going to make
this Facebook Ad Agency serve a specific
brand or type of business or niche as
opposed to just all and I thinking about
this in real time this is not a scripted
video or anything
but we're going to put it between 1 and
5 million per year in
Revenue because that adds a lot of
context you'd make different lead
magnets you'd post different types of
stuff you'd have a
different webinars different products
different groups different
everything if this wasn't there right
but it is there because we need to make
it a little bit more specific because
that will make the video more valuable
in my opinion
so let's just get right into it so the
first thing I would do is I would plan
out my categories for my lead magnets
and I also kind of to made the parts
over here and made them a little bit
bigger and hopefully there'll be some
room on it we we have to decide what the
topics for our lead magnets are or what
the big categories and what the big
objections and parts of our service are
and this is the first step in my opinion
always will be because things like our
content plan our conversion mechanisms
our email flows like are kind of
dependent on this so what I would do is
I would brainstorm the biggest parts so
I put you know static image
ads video oops and let's kind of there
we go we'll put that at 24 sizing
instead just so it doesn't overflow we'd
have video ads we would have scripting
we would have
hooks we would have media
buying we would have landing pages
because we need the landing page is very
important for the our email or for our
ads to go to it's very important part of
the ad even though it's not in the ad
itself I would do something like
ugc or influencer marketing ugc is user
generated content what are some other
ones that I might try I might do
something
like the scroll stopper which is kind of
like the thumbnail if you don't know
what that is something there's a few
parts in paid ads you know someone's
scrolling their Instagram feed we need
to obviously hook their attention in the
first second or two seconds or 3 seconds
to get them to watch the ad but we also
need to make them stop if they just
scroll past the feed past our video
we're not even going to get a chance to
show them the hook and what would be the
last one I'm just thinking cuz this is
not a scripted video and the purpose of
this video is to show you that this is
possible for any business and anything
that you could possibly want to do so
scripting i' probably put something like
production value because although you
know that's stuff like your lighting
your microphone if you want to do that
kind of stuff and I'm going to stop here
with 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 nine there's nine
different categories and that's going to
be good enough for the different lead
magnets in my opinion so what I'm going
to do here is those are the categories
but those aren't actually the lead
magnets so what can we do for the actual
lead magnets to make this as kind
of what do we
say as appealing as possible to brands
in our target audience so I might do a
swipe file of winning image
ads and maybe we'll have
to decrease the size of the font even
more swipe file of winning video
ads a add scripting master class or
something spreadsheet of a 100 hooks
that they could try for themselves
something like a media by cheat
sheet I could do something like a
landing page swipe file something that
might be good for them same kind of
Principle as the static image in the
video ads I could do list of 200 vetted
ugc influencer creators that might be a
good one just to save them
time scroll
stopper what could I do I could do a
just cuz I don't want to say a swipe
file for basically everything we could
do something like you know top five
factors that get people to stop
scrolling checklist or something and I
might actually do a swipe file there or
I might do like some thumbnail templates
or something like that but we're just
going to do that just for for fun here
and I would do something like you know
microphone lighting plus camera setup
guide if we want to call it a guide like
these are some things because what what
are we doing with our lead magnets if
you watch a lot of my other videos or
read my content we're basically doing a
few things with the lead magnets the
lead magnets are things that are going
to first of all you know give them a
reason to put their email address and
give us their email but they're also
going to do things like you know
overcome objections at scale you know
prove that we know what we're talking
about if we have guides that are very
good guides for all of these things like
that is extremely extremely good for
nurturing our target audience and and
proving to them that we know what we're
talking about we also want to solve
every single one of the parts or
problems or objections with Facebook ads
for e-commerce because if we don't if
there's there's a bunch of different
parts and if we solve just one or two or
three of these parts like the other
objections the other doubts still exist
in their minds so I'm stopping at nine
lead magnets for this video but you
might have even more than that if there
are in fact more parts of e-commerce so
this is important to know because this
is also going to be our content strategy
so what I want to do next is I know that
I'm going to post content on Instagram
and Twitter and YouTube and Linkedin and
what I'm going to do
here is I'm going to put
Twitter I'm going to put Instagram I'm
going to put
LinkedIn and I'm going to put YouTube
and I'm doing that because basically
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
post all the content on Twitter and then
use hype Fury which is this software
here just having it load and if you see
that when you post something on hype
Fury you know this is my example post we
can also cross post it to LinkedIn
Facebook and Instagram as well so
basically what the situation there is
all of my content is going to be made
for Twitter and I'm just going to cross
post it just to save time so that's
important step what I'm going to do is
I'm going to have a a tool like there a
Google doc not a tool not sure why I
said that like this and I'm going to
take these different things and I'm
going to put them all in the tool as
basically like this these are the big
categories and I'm going to make this a
little bit bigger so what I would am
going to do now is I'm going to do two
things I'm going to three things let's
go but two things for for for sure and
then the third is a a bonus we'll call
it I'm going to go to quora and I'm
might put in static image as because
this is kind of a good way to get you
know a pulse on what people are asking
what people are thinking about and the
content strategy that I prefer is
something where you just brainstorm your
categories like we've done and then you
write down you you basically the whole
strategy is answering FAQs that have to
do with each part so if we correctly
identify the parts and then we find 20
or 50 FAQs times nine lead magnets so
let's just say 30 FAQs time 9 lead
magnets that's 200 70 content ideas and
after we work our way through we can
just restart from the top we'll never
have to think of a Content idea ever
again it's very very effective to just
do this strategy where you are answering
the questions that your target audience
is already wondering and already
thinking about and it's just so easy for
especially for someone who's not a real
professional content creator to do this
instead of thinking of new ideas every
day so what I want to do now is go into
chat GPT and I'll ask something like
what are 50 Advanced FAQs or objections
or questions that have to do with
creating great static image ads on
Facebook and then I'm going to say don't
give me basic surface level
stuff and then I'm going to put don't
because I've done this before don't you
know
explain each question just give me a
list because if you don't say that last
part it's G to give you an
entire
um like explanation for each part so the
thing is we want to probably brainstorm
50 or so like with this method because
you know not all of them are going to
be great and we can kind of take our 50
put it in here and then we can kind of
sort them out or delete ones that we
think are not suitable for a brand that
is between 1 to 5 million a year in
Revenue but this is a great way
to kind of think about it
or brainstorm in Mass so the three ways
you can do this are quora chat gbt and
then your own brain like you if you're
an expert you're running your service
for quite a while you probably know what
the main questions are so I have this
thing here you would do this for every
single one just for the sake of time cuz
I don't want this video to be like 4
hours I'm just going to narrow down 20
or so for the static image ones but
it'll be the same process for the rest
just there's no value in me doing
something over and over again so let's
continue generating just to get the 50
here so let's copy and paste these in
chat GPT has one of the worst copy and
paste formats so just keep that in mind
that we have to fix it up a little
bit because that is a bit aggressive
right
there and we might do something we might
do a checkbox because then like when
we're if we scheduled a post we can just
check it off
here so some of these are very good some
of these are very basic I would say some
of these are just not really the what
we're looking for cuz this is kind
of in some ways this is
not this is more like a FAQ howto I
should have when I have done this
question like done it based off
of performance like and I'm just winging
this video you have to keep in mind the
FAQs should be all about how to create
great static image ads for e-commerce
brands for performance marketing
purposes and how to lower your customer
acquisition cost so this is a good
learning thing for the video If you
realized when based on the results that
you
just you
basically it's not really what you're
looking for you just do it again and
usually it's a case of you didn't do it
specifically enough if that makes sense
so this is the just the process process
you go I'm going to move on in the video
just cuz we can't be doing this for that
long it's just going to be a 4our video
if I do that but this is what the
process I would take I would now that
I've correctly
identified all of my categories you just
do this one at a time and that's
basically
that so what I would do here for my
strategy is I would do a few different
posts and I want to post on Twitter
quite a lot so I want to do five t five
times we say three to five times single
value tweets per
day and a value tweet would just be like
something short if you know what Twitter
is just one tweet something answering an
FAQ is a great way to think about it and
just because I say answering FAQ you
wouldn't like say how do I how does
copyrighting play a role in this you
just answer the question however you
want it's not you don't have to be very
rigid about it and then I would do three
times long form threads per week and I
would have to and then I would do three
times images or Graphics per
week and then I would do one times offer
or
promotional
post per day CU it's one thing to get a
lot of attention for
ourselves but we also have to generate
leads and so this offer or promotional
post could be promoting some of the lead
magnets it could be promoting our offer
it could be saying book a call with me
but the mix of this you can kind of
think of these as top of funnel middle
of funnel and bottom of funnel that's
kind of the best way to think about it
in my view so this is what I would do
for my strategy for this and like I said
before what I would do is just set it to
cross post to Instagram as well as
LinkedIn just because that is just a lot
more efficient than creating unique
content for every single platform so
what I would do next is two or two
things cuz I plan in this case to make a
YouTube video just like this one you're
watching now every day for my Facebook
Ad Agency and I would do one Tik Tok per
day and I would also post that Tik Tok
on YouTube shorts and Instagram reals
but what I would do is I would go into
my hype Fury I would go to my
analytics and then I would sort my all
my tweets because I'm going to be
tweeting a lot more than I would be
creating a Tik Tok and a YouTube because
I probably do one of these per day maybe
you know three times per week but let's
go with one of them a day what I do is I
would sort all of my tweets by
engagement or likes or link clicks or
profile views or or whatever you want
let's just go with likes for the purpose
of this video and this is good because
it kind of gives us you know what people
are most interested in and this is a
very good way to find the ideas for our
YouTube videos and our Tik toks so if I
would probably take these ideas let's
just go the most winningest idea you
know most
tweets with most
likes let's just say like this we'll go
down
here and we will go all the way up here
and that will be the basis for my Tik
toks you know if I'm posting three to
five times per day on Twitter and
posting one Tik Tok per day you could
kind of just a degree of choose the best
Tweets over time because that's going to
be the best for the YouTube I would what
here's what I would do for my YouTube I
would only
focus on
valueable content I would not do any you
know top of funnel or research or
anything like that on what people are
doing I wouldn't put crazy amount of
effort into my editing maybe no editing
at all I put some effort to my thumbnail
and title just because like that's good
for people finding it but I would use
these YouTube videos strictly as a tool
to convert people who already know about
me because that is the purpose of
YouTube videos in my opinion it's
just the business Niche is not a crazy
amount of people especially if you're
talking about Facebook ads or something
like that so I would use my YouTube
videos as a tool like content down here
so let's fill that right in long form
YouTube
videos very technical kind of like the
one you're watching right now like the
same
idea something that would be very very
impressive to the e-commerce brand
between 1 and 5
million and what I would do for this is
I would go to spreadsheets sheets. new
if you don't know that hack open up a
new spreadsheet what I would do is I put
video ideas
I would put a mirror board I would put
gamma do and I would put date so the
reason I would do this
is as follows I would because there's
only so
many different ideas that you could
possibly do for Facebook ads without
without sacrificing quality in the sense
of making the topic more
broad so what I would do is I would
brainstorm 30 different video ideas
because I'll be posting one video per
day there's 30 days in a month and by
the time you get to day 31 people have
forgotten you could also put a different
angle on it and you'd start over so I'd
do something like static image
ads video ads hooks the same thing as my
lead magnets from earlier as a start so
let's just copy and paste those in there
just because why not I would also do
what else would I do you know design I
would
[Music]
do gosh I shouldn't really I would have
to do a lot more research on the
different video ideas for this but what
I would do next is if I was actually
creating this agency I would have let's
just say 30
ideas let's drag that down just to
emulate the fact that you know ideas
there we go we obviously have to have
the monserat fund because that's the
best one and then I would create a new
mirror board for every single one of
these ideas this is how I actually make
the videos that you're watching by the
way so static image
ads I would put anyone with the link and
View and I would set up a mirror board
for every single one of these things and
that would be my base of operations type
thing that would be how I make all the
videos how I lay out the topic
Etc so let's just make one cuz there's
no need for me to do this 30 times for
the video but let's just do
this and let's let's just I'd also do
the same thing with a gamma
do so I create a new gamma do from blank
and I go static image ads again and I
would do share anyone with the
link and this is kind
of serving a few purposes because our
gamma dock is kind of where we might put
our presentation in for the YouTube
videos our miror board is what we can
use to as a supplementary resource for
the videos and to also you know make the
graphics and stuff to help us convey
what we're trying to
convey and then I would
also so what I would do is today's March
9th you know March 9th March
10th March 11th and hopefully this drags
down properly so basically these would
be my video ideas for each day and then
on day you know 31 we just start over at
the top and then we go down and the
thing about this is it's an efficient
way to do it and ensure that you don't
get too far off track in terms of the
topics because if you have to think of
new topics eventually you're going to
get have to force it's going to force
you to make videos that aren't like
valuable to the target audience you're
just too off they're just too far off
they're too broad so instead of doing
that we can just make the same videos
but better or more specific or apply to
a certain Niche over and over and the
beauty of this is because once you hit
day 31 and you start over you're already
have the mirror board that's you know
filled out for the first video and you
can build on it and you can make it
better same thing with the gamma Dock
and you just repeat this process over
and over and that's what I would do for
the long form YouTube so let's start
filling this out because I haven't quite
done that so static image
ads and look at it it's just going to be
too big so we got to take out the font
and I'll try to zoom
in video ads what we're some other ones
there were hooks I'm going to put this
on my other screen just so I can fill it
out more efficiently there was
scripting there were media
buying there was landing
pages there was ugc
influencer there were scroll
Stoppers and there was production
value so at this point Point let's see
what we really have here because we
have our content ideas basically for
what we're going to do on each of these
platforms that's all done so I'm going
to put a little check mark for each just
so we can keep track of our progress and
then we also have our lead magnets
brainstormed and completed so in the
context of this video I don't know
enough about the subject to make a lead
magnet for each of these for this
industry but these are definitely the
topics that I would do because I know
what topics to do and obviously if I was
making these lead magnets that this
video would be monstrous in size but
what I am going to do is show you the
framework that I would do because the
framework is valuable and it doesn't
take a crazy amount of time so what I
would do is always because we want it
with our lead magnets we want three
things to be true we want to follow this
rule we want it to be valuable even
though the lead magnet is
free we still want to make it valuable
and we want to put it through the $50
test even though this is free would you
pay $50 for it and if the answer is no
it's just not good enough is there an
exact plan an actionable plan that they
can Implement within 24 hours to get
some quick wins and is it readable is
there only one image or graphic and one
idea per slide in our gamma do and
that's why the mirror boards getting
good at this is so important so static
image
ads so what I did if we recall is this
is going to be a Swip file but we still
have to do it in a certain way so part
one is our
introduction and this is the framework
that I always use because it's just very
easy and very important what you know
what they should
do part three why they should do
it part four how they should do it this
is where the plan comes
in and then part
five examples in this case that would be
the Swip file but we don't just because
it's a swipe file doesn't mean we want
to give them some you know just a Google
folder of ads like that is not good
enough it's not valuable enough we need
to teach them what they have to do so
think of every lead magnet as a master
class or a Guide Slash what they
actually have to do and then you'd have
your slides in it like
this so this is what I would do this is
the framework I would use and there
however many slides there are for each
that would be definitely be dependent on
what the topic is and then I would do
something where you're promoting promote
your introductory offer here and then
that would be the end you know you'd
have their book a call you'd have all of
that kind of stuff stuff the important
thing that you want to do at the top is
you want to have a video of yourself
speaking it's very important to have
this so they remember you remember your
name see what you look
like and know what you sound like
because these three things equals a lot
of trust being built so as far as the
Frameworks this is what I would use for
all of them to be honest it's not
exactly crazy it's who what when where
why how formula but you know who when
and where are kind of obvious who you
the person reading it when presumably
now where sitting at your desk so those
are kind of obvious but we still have to
do the what why and how so this is the
lead magnet framework I would use though
very
important so we're kind of getting there
aren't we so what should we do next I
think we
should do whatever a cold email is and
the colda email is very important I'm
going to kind of just to I'm just going
to kind of do the cold email because we
kind of do the same thing for DMS and
prospecting but the cold email will come
down to three different things we have
the list we have the offer and we have
the script so if you're not into cold
email the number one well these are all
important but the number one factor in
success in cold email assuming you have
the right list is having a great offer
it's once you have a great offer like it
almost doesn't matter as much what you
put in the script but very very
important so what I would do is I would
go to Apollo and I would start building
my
list so what I would do here is I'd have
to you'd have to use your brain quite
good or quite quite good you have to use
your brain here and this would apply
specific knowledge I have significant
knowledge about exporting email list and
cold email for e-commerce so I know this
for a fact but it's not necessarily that
everyone does so what I would do I would
set the location to the United States
just because that's where most of the
money is and they also have the least
strict cold email laws for Technologies
I would do built with Shopify and
Shopify
plus this is what I would do for this
case what I would do here
is based on my PR previous knowledge of
this subject I know that this target
audience will typically have cuz you can
build a very large e-commerce store with
just a few employees assuming you use a
thirdparty logistics Center a shipping
center and you don't manufacture like
you could build a very big business with
just three employees a couple
co-founders maybe a couple customer
support people so this is the number of
employees that have a company email
address so I'm going to put this between
three and 10 because if they have more
than 10 employees that like probably
have someone in house or they're already
successful to afford that many
employees and Below three they're
probably that just too wide of range
it's people who inactive stores it's
people who you know have very limited
revenue or no Revenue like so three
people if they have three people I think
we have a shot of exporting the right
list so the thing you want to do before
you export any list is you want to go to
you want to open up you know for example
Apollo showing 25 people we want to make
sure that if we open up all of these
people that at least 20 out of the 25 or
80% whatever you know if it's not 25
just say
80% are actually good people in our
target audience and if they're not we
usually have to switch up our filters
type thing that's kind of what I'm
trying to say we also might narrow this
down a bit more
because this is kind of to some degree
like we didn't really filter the job
title and you know it might just not be
perfect so what we might want to do is
not industry and keywords but we want to
go to job titles we might want to narrow
this down to the founder or
co-founder or CMO not San CMO director
of marketing whoever's going to actually
make these
decisions maybe a creative director
maybe not I don't I don't know if I put
a creative director but now that really
in my opinion narrows it down a lot
better as opposed to just anyone because
that would be people that don't make
marketing decisions people who have a
customer support like that's the reason
they have a company email just like
non-related things maybe developer what
ever but if we have these things we have
our job title that has to do with
marketing we have the location to the
United States 3 to 10 employees and
using Shopify it's a very good chance
that this list is going to be a good one
we'd have to clean it after we'd have to
go through it but that is all good I
don't like to use Revenue because the
formulas that these platforms like
Apollo use to gather Revenue are pretty
inaccurate in my experience what they do
is they would take your average page
views per month they would apply an
industry average conversion rate apply
an industry average average order value
and then say this is how much revenue
you do and that's not very accurate in
my opinion and my
experience so let's put the list here
and let's
just record all of these just for the
sake of the video so what do we have
USA founder or marketing
title and let's make that text shorter
again or smaller not shorter we want to
do using Shopify or Shopify plus because
that's who we're going to go after and 3
to 10
employees and this would give us a great
list in my opinion so there we
go what we want to do is for our offer
the offer is going to be the main
leverage Point most important thing SL
leverage Point people get a ton of cold
emails every single day every single
week especially e-commerce Brands just
because there's so many agencies and so
many Facebook ad agencies specific for
them that people just get a ton of cold
emails so this is not exactly a good
thing for us and it means we're going to
have to stand out and have such a better
offer that we really can't lose it has
to be that good we can't just say a call
with us or do you want to talk we have
to give them something valuable ahead of
time and really what I would choose to
do for them assuming we have the labor
is I would say something like I will
make you five free image ads or
something like
that and I would lead with this because
to a large degree like we can have
Facebook ad templates if we are a
Facebook Ad Agency that make this a lot
faster and surprised I do have these
templates so we could say we'll make
five templates for you just give us some
assets like images and you know what you
want them to be about and we could very
quickly make
these example image ads for them and
this will just make such a great it'll
be so much better than just saying
please get on a call with me or we do
Facebook ads and make us stand out a lot
more in the Inbox and make get us a lot
more likely to reply so for our script
75 words or less is going to be super
important no one's going to read a book
and a lot of people will just have
paragraphs and paragraphs for their cold
email we want to incorporate social
proof if we can
so I'll make you five free image ads we
did this for X Y and Z brand that
hopefully they would know
about
don't
include false
flattery and personalization that just
annoys people it doesn't actually make
it better you know some be like I love
what you're doing with 1,000x leads you
know by the way I do video editing it's
stupid
what else do we need to do we want to do
two more things we want to have a loom
as the call to
action and we want to do this because we
want to say
like something like hey we will make you
five free image ads I've recorded a
short Loom going exactly the process we
take mind if I send it over and if they
say yes then you show the loom so you
want to embed the loom in email with
thumbnail to show your face as opposed
to just having it as a link in there
because that's much more likely people
to respond so this is exactly what I
would do for cold email I would export
this list I would have my offer with
five free image ads and I'd be able to
make them efficiently using templates
just to show my skills and then I would
follow these rules for the script and
that's what I would do so we're getting
somewhere here so basically I would have
the cold email to the I guess you could
say five free static images offer and
that would be my unique mechanism
assuming that you know with a little
technology that I could automate this
which would be very very good so now we
have cold email I'm going to say cold
DMS is the exact same offer just for the
sake of this video and I say prospecting
eventually is what you get to that offer
as well so we're kind of getting
somewhere aren't we we almost have all
of our we have our all our lead magnets
our content our Outreach and we just got
to do Partnerships and then our top of
funnel is
complete so for Partnerships we have our
of course we have our referral we have
our white
label white label we have our
media and we have our joint ventures so
what could we do for each of these types
of Partnerships that is the question
isn't it right away I would be so what I
would do is I would be Co emailing these
people to try to get the setup or to try
to get conversations with people I'd
also be dming them and prospecting them
but let's just say this so I could
partner with you know email
agencies I could partner with you know
development agencies let's just put
let's just put email there
instead just because we they're
obviously agencies we could have
branding
agencies we could have landing page
agencies that would be a good one
landing pages who else could we partner
with here we could partner with SEO
agencies all of these would serve
e-commerce just to clarify that
we could if let's say if assuming we
don't do Facebook ads a goo or we don't
do Google ads a Google ads agency would
be excellent wouldn't it because if they
don't do Facebook ads their customers
want it that's an easy referral so I'm
just going to stop here for this focus
of this video you could probably think
of quite a few and what else what what
I'm going to do another one here because
it's just very important
attribution SL tracking apps because
those are the people who get a lot of
inbound traffic that's you know your
target audience people who need Facebook
ads a lot of the time so that's just an
important one to do there so let's put
cold email
for all of these but what would I do for
my media partnership so I'm going to
drag this down a little
bit yeah let's not do cold email there
let's just leave it like this
cuz doesn't look good
so I could do stuff like podcasts
e-commerce podcasts I could do guest
posts on e-commerce
blogs I could either guest post or
sponsor someone's e-commerce
newsletter I could get on someone's
YouTube
channel I could try to speak at
someone's event
I could put on a let's call it a put on
a special workshop for Ecom communities
like these are all options of media
Partnerships where we're trying to
leverage the other person's audience to
suit our own purposes and if we can give
something of value to them give them
exciting new content for
their members
in the case of a group or for people at
their event in case of a speaking gig or
their YouTube audience or their podcast
audience or whatever then that's very
valuable to the type of people that
we're trying to go after they're getting
interesting content for Their audience
we are getting more exposure and for
joint ventures I might do something like
you know
partner partner with all other types of
agency
and I might do like something like a
school that's you know you partner with
school or course or something like that
where if I know everything about
Facebook ads I partner with someone who
knows everything about email someone who
knows everything about Google someone
who knows everything about SEO email
webd branding Etc and we make like an
offer like a school or
all-inclusive e-commerce course or
something of that nature that will you
know cover all the bases and this is
what I do for Partnerships so let's keep
going because we need our email flows we
need our thank you page thank you
page we can kind of put the thank you
page in there so I'd have to choose like
which one of the conversion mechanisms
that I would want to be dominant type
thing which one would I want to do
the most of because we'd have an
appointment setter that's not really
what we do it for we'd probably choose
either a a paid product funnel a webinar
funnel a live Workshop funnel or a group
funnel and I think for this case I would
want to choose a paid product funnel as
my you know so I have thank you page
focusing on paid
product and I would do this for reasons
that I will reveal before this video is
over but I do this CU I don't really
like any of the other options like crazy
you know not saying they wouldn't but
these Brands might you know not go in a
community there's a lot of e-commmerce
Facebook ad newsletters live workshops
would one of these Brands really want to
sign up for that and webinar I don't
really know off the top of my head how
appealing that would be but I think I
have a great idea for a paid
product and it would be something like
you know 100
editable AD
templates for $100 or something because
this would be impressive and appealing
to all levels of the market from
absolute beginners gives us an way to
monetize our unqualified traffic all the
way up to very successful stores like if
a CEO or co-founder of a successful
successful store saw this you know they
might just buy it cuz why not so let's
go down
here and I would do this in the sense
that they would be you
know editable editable in both figma and
canva just to make it easy for all the
different
options and that is something that I
would do right then and
there very nice very nice we're getting
somewhere now for my affiliate stuff I
would do Facebook ad related softwares
of
course something like I don't know I
don't want to name actual softwares
because there's lots of different ones
but something like
a tracking or attribution
software that would be one something
that they all need I would do you know
an editing software Maybe
I might do a landing page software
because they need landing pages
right I might
do let's take this kind of down and out
of the
way yeah yeah just like that perfect I
might do a AI copyrighting
software and I'm just going to leave it
at that because I hope that you get the
idea of what I'm saying here just
different softwares that Facebook ads
and e-commerce Brands need that would
make sense to be an affiliate for let me
just put this back up there because just
the organization on this video is going
to be
tricky and make it all
square so I make my email
flows promoting the paid product in
addition to everything else so what I
would do in each of my flows here every
single
email let's just you know every single
email would do a few different things
let's just say promote paid
product let's move this up a little bit
so it would promote the paid product
let's make this a little smaller it
would answer one
FAQ about Facebook ads
it would link to my content you know
priority on YouTube to further nurture
them and it would give one
actionable tip because you'll remember
earlier that our FAQs are the basis of
the content
strategy actionable tips is one of the
most important things for a lead magnet
and content is one of our most important
conversion tools so to show you that I
actually do this let me open it on my
other screen like this is what I use for
a THX leads like this is the framework
or the formula for all of this stuff if
you're ever on my email list and opening
this stuff because this is actually what
is important so for
example in my own emails here you can
see this is the actual tip make your
first notepad ad
creative here's my link to my YouTube
these are the six skills you need and
here is an FAQ is there a guarantee with
1,000x leads like so this is stuff that
I actually do so what I would do for
this is I would do something like this I
would have my email flows I would take
three columns for example let's make
them 300 I would put actionable tip
YouTube SLC content link and then on
FAQ let's make this just stand out a
little bit
better so what I would do is you know
youtube.com my link to all my YouTube
videos however many and I would just
substitute all of them in I'm just going
to put youtube.com because I don't have
these videos this is a hypothetical
agency right I would take the FAQs or
whatever and I would probably narrow
this down to the most important ones not
just general FAQs but for the sake of
this video Let's just put in the FAQs we
generated earlier
if you have you know 30 emails in this
flow over the course of 30 days or
something like that you take your 30
most important FAQs that have to do with
Facebook ads but also you and you would
kind of do that so you know maybe let's
delete these why am I qualified for this
why would you choose us as opposed to
others what results have we gotten from
previous
clients and then the list just goes on
that's what I mean about the most
important ones that have to do with not
only Facebook but you as well and we can
think of the actionable tips as very
easy things to do that we can put in our
emails that if they take them they're
going to get some quick wins so let's
think of these as a guide to Quick wins
and I don't know much about Facebook ads
anymore I used to have a Facebook Ad
Agency back in the day but the industry
is evolved quite some time and I don't
want to embarrass myself on this video
by saying something extremely stupid or
obsolete so this is what I would have
for the email flows I would probably
have I would probably have 30 emails in
first 30 days and if that scares you it
shouldn't if they unsubscribe they're
never going to basically do that for you
or they're never going to hire you
anyway so don't wor worry about that so
30 emails in first 30 days and don't
worry I'm going to zoom in
here you know affiliate links for
Facebook ads was our affiliate offer
because we're very we're really getting
somewhere now like think of all that we
have done so far I'm going to delete
this for now because we haven't done it
and I don't know why I put it in there
but our funnel is really getting
somewhere Now isn't it so now all we got
to do is think of our newsletter and the
newsletter
is not going to be crazy so it's going
to be an e-commerce or a newsletter
about newsletter is meant to be over
here newsletter about
advertising and that I wouldn't say that
we want to make this specific to
Facebook ads I would prefer to make it
about advertising in general because I
think that is just a lot more
important so let's go over here so
newsletter about advertising let's just
say about advertising we don't need to
say in general again but the thing is I
would be sending this out minimum of
three times per week because that is
what's needed to get them to remember
you to trust you to know you Facebook
ads are a very crowded
Niche and we need to put in the work and
we're not going to win without putting
in the work here so three times per week
newsletter about AB
advertising so let's just say that we
have achieved this now so what we'd want
to do is for our live Workshop here once
per week or let's go I would design
image or video ads in real time in figma
or whatever I think that would be a very
excellent live Workshop idea that would
for once per week that would show off
your skills in real time and make
excellent recordings and training videos
and proof to your clients that you know
what you're doing I think that' just be
an excellent
opportunity for
a i OCD with this type of stuff sorry
about that so let's just format it like
a normal person would instead of how I
was doing that
before so an excellent way to think of a
webinar is you know either top five or
top X things to achieve y or top X
things to avoid to achieve y so this
webinar and its Effectiveness will be
all about the framing top five things
Ecommerce Brands doing 1 to 5
million need to
do to get to 10 to 20 million we really
have to due to the nature of what we're
doing here we're really going to have to
call out our target audience hard for
this or is they're going to just cuz
Facebook ads could mean many things to
many different people we really need to
call out the audience very very hard in
this because Facebook ads could be for
beginners or drop shippers or whatever
it's easy to assume these things so if
we don't call out the target audience
very hard the amount of people who sign
up for the webinar will be very not
great and this webinar should be
pre-recorded we could also choose to
frame it differently you know we could
frame it as a case study frame if we
want so you know top five things we did
with X Y and Z brand to help them go
from 1 to 5 million to 10 to 20 million
as long as you're calling out your
target audience you have a few different
options available I might try both and I
might make two webinars here um just to
see what works the best cuz to a large
degree you don't know what's going to
work the best without trying so I'm just
taking over the stuff from earlier
because we kind of put it in the main
spot before but I would do long
unedited Super Value focused
video kind of like the one you're
watching right now and I would post
these seven days per week
and that's just that if you're wondering
why like that sounds like a lot of
effort it is and that's just life you
could really make it a lot faster and
more efficient with this spreadsheet
though and I would say try and set up
system to make these with AI if you can
do this you can do a lot more volume
it's going to be a lot better and that
kind of stuff so we're almost we're
getting there so for the group nothing
crazy
group for e-commerce owners over 1
million per
year if you're going to make a group
though like this you got
to make people show proof to join
because the effectiveness of this I
believe if you have just beginners or
people who don't even have e-commerce
stores yet is going to very
much kind of get ruined by the fact
that there's people that are beginners
there and they just the actual people in
our target audience are not going to be
as engaged so our appointment center
should follow up twice per week one time
and this is why the other you know wants
to schedule a call to try to schedule a
call and once to promote the other
conversion
mechanisms so basically let's say on
Monday our appointment setter was
reaching out to try to get a call and on
Thursday they're reaching out to try to
get them to come to our live Workshop or
join our webinar or buy the Facebook ad
templates or get the five free image ads
or watch a YouTube video If we have all
these other conversion mechanisms we can
reach out and have our appointment
setter talk to them way more
often so appointment setter two times
per
week top five top five things
webinar live Workshop designing ads in
real time I think would be
great and oh we got to decrease the size
a little bit and I'll zoom in just so we
can see and we'd have a Facebook or we'd
have a group a vetted group let's go
with vetted group for Ecom owners over 1
mil per
year so that is you know what we really
want to be doing here so now we are very
close to being finished kind of in a way
because we have all of our Partnerships
so I'm just going to put white
label because we had them over there but
there's just no
room media and
JV and if you remember that's like the
white label is the other agencies that
do other services but not Facebook ads
the Media or be the podcast and stuff so
we're very much almost done this video
should be another 10 minutes at most all
the way down so far so our paid ads our
Outreach our
Partnerships our everything is getting
somewhere now we just have to work on
the I'm just going to put free video
content what I would do is make a video
of all these lead magnets and post the
video for free on the website and if
they want the actual lead magnet then
they have to sign up so our recurring
service is going to be Facebook ad
management that was kind of what I had
in mind before the call was even
started so we want to refer to other
agencies as that offer where if they are
not qualified or they can't afford it
freelancer or cheaper agency and will
collect a referral fee instead of just
wasting those leads so let's just put an
arbitrary 7K per month for Facebook ad
management that's as far as I know in
line with what you'd actually get these
days for our course you know we might
have a top 10 things or we could have a
you
know video creative course or something
like
that and then we could have a you know
Facebook media buying program
and these could be cheaper like this
could be let's say
1K for
$1,000 let's go let's go Facebook ads
coaching for 500 per month or something
like that like these are examples of
things that you know you need
to you know let's go coaching and let's
go creative course cu the creative is
most important like these are things
that for people who are unqualified you
know now we can sell them these Facebook
ad templates now we're generating
affiliate Revenue through our lead
magnets and our email flows now we have
someone to refer them to if they can't
afford US now we have a course offering
if they can't afford us or they want to
know to do it themselves now if they
can't afford us and they want to learn
to do themselves we have a coaching
offer where we can give them feedback
and stuff in addition into our Facebook
ad service so the only thing that we
have left is our onetime service and
what I would probably do is you
know either an audit for $500 but that's
kind of lame I would say I would do
something maybe like a landing page for
2500 because they need a great landing
page for their Facebook ads to work
properly and you you know do it yourself
or white label SL
Outsource and that's a very good value
proposition that's probably what I would
do if I was this agency and if I didn't
have the
capabilities to kind of make this I
would Outsource it and just kind of eat
the cost or not make a ton of profit but
just have that for the purpose of you
know that's a very important part of
Facebook ads they're going to need
performing landing page anyways so you
might as well do that even if you're not
going to make a lot of money so the last
thing we have to do is our preall
flow and our preall flow is important
for a few reasons I'm just going to
bring it over here the things we want to
get in our preall flow so after they
schedule a a meeting or on your calendly
or whatever I would send them at least
three emails before triggered maybe 24
hours before 4 hours before and 1 hour
before I would show
examples of your work show testimonials
plus case studies of your
work and I would
show show
replays videos of
Designing in real time in live Workshop
because I think that would be such a
great thing to do in terms of build
trust so now we have every single part
of
our funnel for a Facebook Ad Agency
doing one to or targeting Brands doing1
to5 million per year and that is that
like this is how you would apply this to
any business the THX leads funnel works
for absolutely anything in B2B these are
the things you would go through you'd
think of your FAQs you would think of
your
what else your YouTube videos you would
think of your lead magnet ideas you
would think of your you'd export your
list you'd do all of that kind of stuff
and it's very easy it's very powerful
and it can be done with absolutely any
business so I hope this video was
valuable and I'll see you in the next
one hey there everybody this will be a
video on how I would build a $1 million
per year ugc user generated Cod content
Agency for e-commerce Brands now this
wouldn't necessarily have to be for
e-commerce Brands you could do this for
agencies for stus for really anything
but I have to choose some sort of
example for video so that's what I chose
so what I've got here is the 1000x leads
funnel which has everything we need to
generate leads we have our bottom of
funnel offers websites and conversion
mechanisms we have our middle of funnel
lead capture and Lead nurturing and we
have our top of funnel traffic
sources so what I've done here is I've
broken it down to the bottom of the
funnel to the middle of the funnel and
the top of the funnel here so we have
all of it laid out nicely what I'm going
to do is going to basically tailor this
to a hypothetical user generated content
agency so we need to build this from the
bottom up for the same reason that you
would build a skyscraper the bottom up
it can't really build the top or the
roof before the bottom is in place it's
going to be all messed up it's just not
possible because all of our middle of
funnel all of our top of funnel is going
to be dependent on what it is that we
are offering so let's get right into it
the first thing that we have to do is we
have to figure out the offers so what
I'm going to do here is probably just
use sticky notes actually and something
like this I'm going to start with the
intro offer because that is very
important or the intro offer I think a
very strong intro offer is we will make
or we will remake
your top performing ad 10 times with
different avatars so for example if they
just have a ad that's already performing
well and they're happy with it they see
results basically remake that ad with 10
different people so we can make it with
someone who's white someone who's black
someone who's Asian someone who's Arab
someone who's from South
America someone who's old someone who's
young someone who's fat someone who's
skinny somewhat who's you know all of
these different things male female and
this I think would be a great intro
offer because it would be easy to sell
they're already very confident that this
ad is performing and it is so we don't
even have to guess or script A lot of
the stuff we just take their winning ads
and remake them and I think that's a
great offer because they'll believe it's
going to be successful you'll going to
be very easy for you to do because you
know it already works and then it's just
a matter of getting those type of
avatars and if you're going to do a ugc
agency you're going to have to find a
lot of creators there's no doubt about
that and I think we could get something
along the lines of you know we could do
this for
$2500 to $55,000
as a onetime fee and then if we wanted
we could do know a guarantee where if it
doesn't perform similar or better then
we could give
them whatever money back keep making
more content for them doesn't
matter the next thing we're going to do
is the recurring service and I think the
best way to do the recurring service is
kind of like a produ tized service where
they pay x per month to get y different
creatives and I think that is going to
be the easiest to understand for them
and like that's probably something they
want anyway so the intro offer would be
something that's very easy to understand
like and very low risk because they know
this ad concept already works and you
just want to get your foot in the door
and then once
your different creatives with those
different avatars are proven to perform
be very easy to just say okay we'll do a
continuation it could either be a
continuation of this intro offer just on
a recurring basis or it could be
something new
it's up to you if you're going to run
this agency but I probably just make it
you know okay we're going to make going
to keep remaking your winning ad
creatives type thing we're going to do
that for 5,000 a month you'll get 10 to
20 different creatives and you always
ensure that you have a lot
of cre to
test so the next thing is referral
Partnerships and we want to make
referral
Partnerships and collect referral fees
with similar but not competitive
agencies so what would that mean if we
are doing ugc and that's our agency like
eomer stores buy a lot of different
stuff so we might have email marketing
agencies SEO Facebook like media buy
we're going to go
media
bu what's some other ones C what's what
are some other ones other e-commerce
agencies there's ton and I can't even
think of them right now but let's just
leave it at that because that's four
different types of
agencies where we probably have have
like an influencer marketing to because
that's kind of a natural continuation of
EDC
so we want to have relationships with
people we trust that would do a good job
in these things and if people ask us our
clients ask us we can refer to them and
collect some fees and that's very very
important for the course next I would
probably
do just a full-on course like maybe even
top five different things where you know
it' be like how to come up with
ideas how to write
scripts how to find
creators how to basically brief and
communicate with
creators and
then how would you put it all together
there something just like a 497 or 997
course that we could do something like
that cuz there's always going to be a
part of the market who just wants to to
learn to do it themselves this could be
either like they're qualified to work
with you or unqualified by the way like
if they just want to know that you know
and you determine on the sales call that
that's the best option for them it's
important that we have that because
that's going to be like 10 15% of the
market and if we don't have something
like that we are basically going to be
missing out a 10 to 15% of potential
revenue and that's very profitable
Revenue because of course it's going to
be outside the initial production costs
it's going to be
close to 95% plus margin after
accounting for payment processing fees
and software fees so it's very important
that we do that the next would be I
would make something like a
$42,000 per year ugc Mastermind where
you know you can basically they come in
you could connect them with creators you
could help them on like a call once per
week on how to do that kind of stuff and
how to make these scripts and how to
come up with ideas you of hold them
accountable and hold the Creator
accountable where you could call this a
ugc mastermind see other brands it just
be for bigger brands for sure because a
a small Brand's not going to pay 42k per
year you can make it 36k per year you
can make it 25k per year wouldn't really
make this under 25k per year though just
because it's not really worth it at that
point for the amount of War but you get
10 20 brands at this that's going to be
an extra like 400 to 850k a year revenue
and that's going to be very profitable
Revenue too a program or a mastermind
like that is always a welcome addition
to any kind of agency in my opinion and
it's not something that's commonly done
and if you don't want to do that and you
just not comfortable with that you could
have something like $500 per month
feedback Channel where they can just
you're not really doing anything for
them you're just answering questions for
$500 or $1,000 per month basically like
a good Sal thing but it's very
standardized type thing that is what I
would do for these offers so far and if
I think of anything before the end of
the video I'll add it but let's go back
to here and let's do just put some check
marks here them in green here so where
are we here check mark check mark check
mark so very good we got a long way to
go but that's a start for
sure the next thing I want to have is
obvious want to have case studies on the
website video testimonials on the
website I'd like to talk more about the
video content here wrong one there you
to put those sticky notes instead so for
video content on the website what I
would want to do is have like six to 12
free long for videos embedded that give
them tips and advice on X Y and Z so for
example for UDC we might have scripting
we might have ideation we might have
editing we might have hooks we might
have whatever so six to 10 Long YouTube
videos that kind of act as a free form
of value that they don't even need to
opt in for necessarily they just have to
look at it and I think that would be a
very very good thing on the
website this is going to
build a lot of
Goodwill a lot of trust and kind of
differentiate ourselves from all the
other dgc agencies who just either have
nothing or you have to pay for it or
whatever and like these could be
embedded on YouTube too and we and then
discovering our YouTube will nurtured
them even further and we'll go into
YouTube later but like these I think are
some very important things to have on
the website in my
opinion for the vssl I do a couple of
things too and the same thing you know
the vssl on the top of your website
proves you are not an
anonymous anous internet scammer like
that's really what purpose in my opinion
of a BSL is you're no longer a nameless
faceless person you're a real person
with their face their voice their all of
that kind of stuff and that's very very
important for this kind of stuff for the
vssl what I would do is make a list of
10 to 20
FAQs and
then sort them by importance and then
basically answer them we don't need to
have a crazy vssl here that's super
edited and super like production value
to the Moon here we need to answer
questions show your face let them hear
your voice Etc so the purpose of me
saying that cuz you might think
obviously but some people will make like
a vssl without their face in it and I
don't really like that I I think the
main purpose of the vssl on the website
at least is to prove you're not a
scammer and showing your face and
letting them hear your voice is
important for that so this should be 7
minutes or less in my opinion there the
purpose of this particular vsl this
would be the one at the top of the
website is not to really sell them it's
to answer questions and let them hear
your voice and see your fits so very
very important
stuff so let's go here and we're going
to basically just put shut Marks here
and at that point we're going to think
of the website as
optimized you can agree with that or not
but these are the four things in my
opinion in my experience that get 80% of
the result so we need to go to the sales
call next and just sales process in
general so we have four different parts
here with have the pre-call flow we have
the sales presentation we have the sales
call and we have the followup they're
all very important stuff right so what
we want to do with the preall flow and
I'll show you it in my calendly here
it's an interactive video I guess you
could say so what we want to do is we
want to collect important information so
we want to basically qualify them in
terms of price when I get their revenue
their website ask where they came from
that kind of stuff and then once they
submit we want to redirect to the sales
presentation that we're going to show
them but we'll talk about that in a
minute and then we also want to have a
much show of reminders and those are
like the three functions of big preall
flow so we're going to put
reminders we're going to put
qualifying SL
disqualifying questions and forgive me
there but we're just going enough to
deal with the cut off on the sticky
Noe you know life is hard and I'm sure
we'll all be okay we want to redirect to
the sales presentation so they know
exactly what we will be talking
most okay let's move this over a little
bit let's move this over a little bit
further even we're going to just put it
here let's put some arrows of course
because we need it mentally signify that
we're going to be doing all of these
things so the next part is going to be
the sales
presentation so let's talk about the
three most important parts so answers
all of the main questions so I'm going
to go over that because that's pretty
vague lets them know the next
steps let's them know the price plus
potential RO water these are the three
most important parts cuz in this video
I'm kind of going over like the 820 of
everything which is a good way to live
your life to be honest if you're looking
for maximum efficiency but I have a
presentation here for thousand X leads
and the main questions that I refer to
are like what is the purpose here like
what are we trying to even do without
being like crazy without saying a bunch
of buzzword and jargon this explain to
them what exactly we're trying to do and
then we want to have contrast CU
contrast is what makes everything great
like there would be nothing that's good
if we weren't able to compare it to
something that's bad if we weren't there
was just darkness all the time you know
wouldn't even be Darkness because
there's nothing to compare it to the
light so how is this normally done and
so what we're trying to do compared to
how it's normally done by the aric
person what are the limitations of this
because you know without the part where
we say why that's bad like this doesn't
have that much oomph or that doesn't
have teeth but when we say like what are
the limitations of this it really really
makes it seem a lot more painful what
difference will it make when we are
successful this is an obvious but
overlooked part and really spell it out
for them how does it work that kind of
stuff like what is the process why does
it work how much does cost how long will
it take what is the road
map and I always do some FAQs or some
Q&A type things that these things don't
necessarily fit in any of the stuff or
they're just not important enough but
you can have it at the end that's what I
mean by answer all of the main questions
it's also what I mean by lets them know
the next steps and how to start and then
lets them know the price it's very very
important that you give them and you can
kind of paint a picture in their mind
what are the next steps how is this
actually going to work so how does it
work how much does it cost why does it
work how long does it take these are
very good questions to just put in their
mind because they're already going to be
wondering no matter what you sew no
matter what Niche you're in what
language you speak what country you're
from everyone's going to be wondering
this stuff so it's not like you should
hide it or it's not like oh is this
applicable to me that would be
applicable to absolutely everyone on
Earth so that is what the sales
presentation should be about next thing
is about the sales Co and you have 60
seconds to prove that you are powerful
on the sales
cut oops spelling that wrong and this is
some good advice that I heard from a
sales trainer before and since I started
taking it seriously that really helped
me we always want to ask a few questions
so like what is the
goal why now as opposed
to what like six months ago 12 months
ago you know what happens if we don't
solve
it another good is this formatting right
this formatting just fine what happens
if we don't solve it why do it with us
as opposed to something else and then
you know these are the four main
questions that I like ask there's a few
different ones
that I ask personally but it's kind of
very specific to my own business so I'm
not going to include them here but these
are very good questions for every agency
and especially this ugc agency and you
might you might want to like or you
might think like these are kind of basic
questions and you know you probably know
this but the value of asking this
especially in the first few minutes of
the call is getting them to admit that
they have you know these problems
because getting them to admit that they
have these problems versus you just
telling them really hits different
psychologically and it's going to very
much improve your clothes rate as
opposed to just you being oh yeah you
got to buy this because you're else
you're screwed you know etc etc so what
I would do is after these questions and
answers you know maybe like five 7
minutes I'm spelling horrible today I
would go into the screen share sales
presentation from right here here that
has all of the questions and answers and
information that they would need what is
with my spell and then after the sales
presentation I would go into the let's
go the questions and
answers
objections and the close and what I
would be doing is realistically trying
to sell everybody my intro offer if
they're going to get on a call with me
just because it's so much easier to sell
than pretty much any other type of offer
especially a higher commitment recurring
service so if we remember back that is
going to be I'm going to remake your top
performing ad creatives with 10
different avatars five different avatars
doesn't matter but I think that's a
great offer for both them and for us
because it's easy to fulfill for us us
cuz we are basically going off something
that we know works and it's great for
them just because I probably believe
that that would work a lot better so we
want to have 12 weeks of followup with
two times per week so 24 follow-ups in
total we want to have 24 pre-made hand
messages in our CRM that we can use to
follow up quickly and
efficiently and we want to do it that
way just cuz it's fast but also even
more so so they don't miss any
information that they need so what I
would do is make sure every single
followup is valuable in terms of content
advice Etc so you might have some case
studies and every followup or some
videos to watch or something of that
nature and this is why the entire funnel
is so important you need to be building
everything in the funnel for its own
purpose to
but also because then it makes following
up a lot easier and a lot less annoying
for people and then we can follow up
more close more cells and then we're
kind of Off to the Races so basically
we're building from the ground up here
still and we're maybe halfway through or
maybe not but oops I just made my face
excessively large so let's keep going
here let's space these out a little bit
so we're getting into what we call in a
THX leads the conversion mechanisms you
are free to call these whatever you want
I suppose but I'm going to be using the
term conversion mechanism and this is my
video so it is what it is just spacing
these out a bit better I should have
done that before the video started
but it is what it is so we're just going
to do that here and what we're going to
do is do the exact same thing but just
say what I would be doing for a lot of
these things so one of the best ways to
convert someone into clients is through
a paid product so you basically you sell
them a paid product you know they you
get their credit card their contact
information it's kind of like a
commitment to you if you want to think
of it that way and then you just upsell
them over typ through email through text
message through just them deciding that
you're a good fit and all of that kind
of stuff
so for this what I would do is a what I
would do for this is what I would have a
list of a 100 hooks for ads and let me
see if I could pull up something to show
what I mean I just thought of this as a
good option list of 100
hooks for ugc ads with an example for
each is what I would do I pric that
about
$100 let's see if if I can pull
something
up I would price that at about $100 and
I think that would be a very strong so I
got something here I think that would be
a very strong way to do it so what I
would do is something like have a 100
hooks like this so this is about 103 104
Hooks and then I would have an example
and then I would have an actual file of
this being done and I think that would
be well worth $100 for them and very
valuable thing where it also breaks down
some barriers to them doing it where
what I mean by that is you know how
would I really do this and then you can
kind of use these as like to paint a
picture in their minds of what they
might be doing so then they say okay we
could do that and then they're even more
likely to hire you after that so what I
would be doing is you know
$97 for 100 hooks plus bonuses and I
would try to break even on the ad SP
because if I could cost $97 and I sell
it through Facebook ads
for
$80 that's a small profit but the small
profits not the point basically
generating leads for free
because front end is self-liquidating
type thing that's that is the promised
land of paid ads for agencies if you can
choose one situation to be in that's the
situation you're going to want to be in
so the next one is affiliate leaks we
put these in all of our lead magnets I
wouldn't put something like you know
triple well four play you know maybe
like something like vro or vwo for AB
testing
Pages something like that where we just
have very specific tools
that an e-commerce store for ugc ads
could take advantage of and we'll put
those in our lead magnets which we'll
talk about later that will build up some
nice recurring Revenue over time we
might have like web flow or Reflow for
the landing pages
that kind of stuff not too crazy but you
can really build a lot of recurring mrr
with this especially if you're um
especially if you are spending it on ads
to fill it be very very good for my
webinar I would do top five things you
need to create ugc ads that print print
mean print money it's a very good
webinar I probably try to make get
something around 1 hour long and I would
do you know with this I would have
basically the theory the action steps
the
Frameworks and the examples so I'd have
all four of those things and that was
just that would be very important to
make the wh no as good as possible
because we don't we're not doing any of
this out of the goodness of our heart
remember we are trying to make money and
having these four things is is going to
make the webinar as good as possible and
then make us the most money so it's just
it's in our interest we're not just
doing
it for the live Workshop what I would do
is once per week I would you know either
get people from my community or I would
brainstorm script and then write you
know ugc ads for famous Brands if I go
in there and write Nike or let's even go
less than that like fash Nova athletic
greens that kind of stuff and I do this
live in front of people from my email
list hopefully there'll be some
potential clients in there but even if
there's not it's good practice to speak
it's good content for my newsletter I
would write it probably three times per
week and I would have sections because
the key to a successful newsletter is to
have you know inherently
interesting repeatable formats so you
just want to be able to basically go
into your newsletter and here's my
newsletter it's not a ugc newsletter but
basically what you want is a few
different sections where you have
something
like and I'll show you what I'll do but
you just want to be able to duplicate it
and just keep using it over and over
again so for this I would have three
sections in my
newsletter I would have
basically top performing ugc ads of the
week as examples
I would have actionable tip to improve
your ugc ads and then I would have some
form of longer form
instructional contct and I think if we
had these sections it' be a good mix of
something that's interesting to creators
because we want with this business model
we need to basically be always be
recruiting creators as well so we want
to have something that's interesting to
both Creator and brand and I think that
these would be very interesting and I'm
trying to like do something as simple as
a line here of failing so just ignore
that but I think these sections would be
very very strong for our EGC
newl so what we've done here is let's go
even though that's also green and you
can't see it basically over to here so
we need to get
these other things here and let's get
into it cuz we have them down here I'm
going to move these down a little bit
I'm also going to log into something on
my other streen that I think would be
interesting so for our community like
the main purpose of a community and
that's what kind of that's what I use
for a THX leads as my preferred
conversion
mechanism so the main purpose of the
community is no this is the best option
if you put in a ton of
effort but it is the worst option should
get you don't so you could decide that
for yourself that the community is so
good because membership questions
enriched data it's so good because you
can build personal relationships with
people and it's so good because it acts
as a
form acts as a oops form of social proof
so there's no other conversion mechanism
that do does that but at the same
time that's a lot work so you have to
decide for yourself if you're going to
put the amount of work in because
realistically your main you might have
all of these but your main conversion
mechanism is going to be one of them and
the webinar doesn't let you build a
personal relationship or act as social
proof so live Workshop kind of does the
newsletter doesn't really but it's so
good
because you can get them to download
your magnets for example and then like
when they join the group or if two join
the group you can ask them for what is
their website what is their monthly
Revenue that kind of stuff and this can
be
basically six tier CRM so you can sort
people by whatever they want right and
I'm not going to do that here just
because I want to show you people's
Revenue because that's like
scummy but for example we'll just go to
this person quick and hopefully they've
answered the membership questions so
what is their monthly Revenue zero what
is their one-ear goal where you could
just see what that is and all of that
all of that stuff is going to be beamed
into your CRM where you know that stuff
for them and then you can
really be a lot more intentional with
the appointment setting so appointment
setting we want to email SMS phone
everyone who
is qualified by in terms of
Revenue once per week and we want to do
or twice per week
sorry and we want to do that based on
the revenue that we got from our
conversion mechanisms
so for people who are qualified in terms
of Revenue which would probably be above
500k per year at least in terms of of
this ugc
agency we want to we want to pitch our
intro
offer for those under this for people
under
500k you may want to pitch them the
course that's why it's so important cuz
just by the law of the math there's
going to be more businesses under 500k
than over why would there be so if we
don't have anything to offer them we're
going to be losing out on a lot of the
potential revenue of our lists of our
Target markets all of that kind of stuff
so for Content we want to make at least
three long form YouTube videos per week
and I'm going to talk about this a
little bit more in the actual topa
funnel YouTube section but this is
mostly the reason that content is so
good is because it shows up at every
part of the funnel we have content at
the very top to drive traffic we have
content in the middle here to like
nurture them and demonstrate you know
what we're talking about we have content
at the bottom of the funnel that's going
to mostly be like YouTube content and
then we have content after their clients
too because although it might seem
counter intuitive no one why is your
content more than your current clients
that might sound backwards but they
become a lot more bought in they become
a lot more likely to do what you say and
a lot likely you're lot less likely to
chart so content is just so important
and we're going to go over that later
what I would probably do is something
like how I would do ugc for X brand
that's just three different types of you
know videos the next one I would do
would be something like more
instructional
stepbystep guide on how to do X Y and
Z and the third one would be maybe
like a very quick tip or actionable step
to improve your videos and I would kind
of try to cycle through these so like
one of each of these type of videos per
week would be what I would be going for
and I think that's an easy way to
brainstorm videos and also a very good
way to make
cut so for my unique mechanism I would
use Bill and
AI or you know GPT that writes good ugc
ads and or comes up with good ugc Hooks
and ideas so what I have here on my
other screen is I have something like
this for my own internal use where it
will build a marketing plan for People
based on this funnel so they just put in
their stuff and goes through all of this
process and it turns out a very nice
marketing plan so let me pull that out
on my other screen and show you that
that is true as well as what it looks
like I guess you could
say so like here is an example of if
they just fill out a form like this is
what they would get where they have 66
pages of literally everything they can
think of that's been a good lead magnet
for me has everything they need and I
would put the effort and time and pay
someone if needed to try to make
something like that for this ugc agency
because even if you don't use it like
publicly as a tool to convert people you
could probably save a lot of time and
labor doing that for your internal team
and just a very good thing to do so
let's go and see where we're at now so
we're oops I'm going to change it back
to
green commity appointments content
unique
mechanism so now we need to go to the
middle of the funnel because the bottom
of the funnel is more or less complete
so what I'm going to do here is think of
all of the different lead magnets that
we want to create because we want to
create lead magnets to solve every
different problem because every problem
or every group of problems and you'll
see what I mean in a minute is a reason
for someone not to buy it so we need to
really do that
so the correct way to think about lead
magnets is it should be like Master
Class level documents that solve
different problems or steps that have to
do with service so here are my lead
magnets and the THX leads marketing
funnel one of the different parts of
this if we go back there we know
literally everything we're talking about
in this video so what I've done is I've
created lead magnets you know one for
the newsletter one for the content one
for the conversion mechanisms one for
the offers one for the prospecting one
for Partnerships one for ads one for
productivity and habits to actually get
this done one for lead magnets one for
cold ills and what we need to do here is
brainstorm what these would be for a ugc
agency and this will usually be like 6
to 12 something of that nature so let's
go what should we do first let's just
increase the text size here so we might
do IDE ideas we might do scripting we
might do editing we might do
hooks we might do audio sound we might
do camera and production
M we might do how to find creators we
might do how to negotiate with creators
might do how to brief creators I tell
them exactly what you want and the next
thing might be is
what could the last one be it doesn't
have to be 10 I just have 10 here we
could easily stop at nine but it would
be you know something
like how
to I don't we're going to go with n here
just because I can't thinking there's no
reason for us to be tent but like think
of it if you're going to make a user
generated content ad these are the main
parts ideas scripts editing hooks Audio
and Sound camera production value how to
find creators how to negotiate how to
brief the like you have all that stuff
that's you know the new that's like
basically all you need to do and I'm
going to go with you know how to test
ads that's pretty good so that's what I
would do for the lead magnets for the
email flows what I would do or for the
Post opted so basically like let's say
this is the opted page something simple
where they're going to get your lead
magnets the thank you page would be if
you're use a group funnel which I would
here would be this page where they have
to sign up and you can get their
information so what I would do here is
the thank you page would be the group
sign up page in addition to that or
instead of that you could do like a
thank you Pages like book a call but for
this one just because we have to get
creators as well as Brands and balance
that I'd probably use a
group for my email flows what I would
doing is you know after they optain
30-day email flow once per day answering
different
FAQs so what I mean by that I'm not
going to do all 30 but I'm going to do a
couple is you know like some Universal
ones I'm going to do three
here and let's get the arrows
quick that's really just running my life
this you board right now it's fine now
that's fine if my life's ruin will this
work from Li
Rand why do ugc ad work better than
normal
ads what is the first step to getting
started with ugc ads now I just think of
the 30 most important frequently asked
questions and just answer them all once
per day for 30 days so essentially what
you
do uh do I have my convert kit
open essentially what you do you could
use whatever but if you use convert kit
you'd have a
form you would have a sequence and You'
have a visual
automation basically you create a new
sequence you just have it like 30 emails
here one for each and if they signed up
for that
form I'll show you here this put this
here we'll just save it here so what
basically you do is you syn
it so if they joined the CLA Forum
because that was just the name of it
because we didn't name it it'd be added
to an email
sequence whatever one we said earlier
and then that's how it would work so you
would just have this 30-day email flow
that would automatically trigger
whenever they downloaded one of the lead
magnets and that's very simple but it's
very important part of the process then
I'd also probably CTA
to conversion
mechanism or intro offer from each email
or maybe even both so each email like
okay yeah I'm doing a live workshop at
this date you can join if you want and
then also you know here's my intro out
for that kind of stuff which would be
I'll remake your ad creative
so that is essentially the middle of the
funnel
here let's put some check marks on all
of these might be an excessive amount of
check marks but it's
fine now let's go to the top of the
funnel so for this basically there's few
different options for what we want to do
cuz we have the option to run our ad
funnel to our products to some lead
magnets or to our onetime service or
inch off I'm going to call that the
intro offer so what we do for each we
have like an
e-commerce style landing page selling
the 100 hooks for
$97 is what I would do for that and then
the key would be to you
know goal is to get
sales or SE 97 CPA or lower you know
free leads basically
if I was going to do the lead magnet and
you don't have to choose between these
these actually work better when you do
all of them I would split the budget
evenly to all of my lead magnets and see
which
ones perform the
best and then once I found that I would
split 80% of my budget towards the best
performers and then 20% to the rest
because you still want to ensure all Le
magnets are
downloaded very important stuff for my
intro offer I would be basically book a
call page with a bunch of proof and
examples kind I'm as simple as
that
oops that's what I would do for ad
campaigns you have a few different
options but you can do all of them if
you want so what I would do here for my
written content
is I would basically write it
all or Twitter in hype Fury and then
crossposted to the other
platforms and what you would want to do
here is
basically easiest way to do this would
be take the same subcategories that you
had for your Le magnets
so in this case it would be like the
scripting the editing all that kind of
stuff and then what you'd want to do
let's get this out of the way
quick is use chap
gp2 you brainstorm 20 to 50 FAQs for
each and then you have 200 plus content
ideas and You' basically never ever
write out again so if I open my CH gbt
here
see so
like give me a list of 50 highlevel FAQs
about creating ugc for e-commerce stores
e should be very Advanced no beer
questions don't explain them just list
the and then you'd ask for 50 because
not all of them are going to be
good and then what we do here
basically if we're really getting into
it is we probably do something like this
where we have a spring
seat resize it a little
bit let's get that out of the
wave just differentiate this a little
bit vilate and then we would where's my
CH it's over
here we would get bunch of FAQs for each
of these subcategories and then we
probably have to narrow them down we ask
chat gbt for 50 but a lot of these are
going to be basically overlapping or
just stupid so by the time we're done if
we have 10 subcategories and we ask for
15 we could probably narrow that down to
20 each and then we'll have 200 full
content
ideas what I would do for the YouTube
videos and the Tik toks I've already
kind of gone over what I I do for the
YouTube videos over
here I'm just going to copy and paste
this because we don't need to do it
twice but for the Tik Tok videos
and if you remember how to do ugc for
XPR instructional and then quick
tips what I would do for Tik Tok is I
would sort the best performing
tweaks LinkedIn posts Instagram posts
and then make short
form short form videos based on notes so
if we do the previous step and we do all
the written content we're going to be
able to go into our Analytics and see
like which ones are the best and I would
take these cuz you probably do multiple
of these per day and you would just see
okay this one got 50 likes instead of 10
for example I might as well just do that
one right that's what I would do for
that for the Outreach it's going to be
the same strategy for all of them so
what we need to do is we have cold email
we have cold DMS and we have prospecting
so the difference between the three is
just like method that you're using
prospecting will be manual like Outreach
called the M will be like on LinkedIn on
Instagram that kind of stuff and cold
email will be cold email but we need a
list we need the offer and we need the
script so for the list what we want is
in my opinion we'll go into
Apollo and we'll like search some data
here go something like job titles like
founder
you know let's go director of
marketing just like
CEO
CMO uh we're going to go to location
probably the United
States that has the the least strict C
laws and
just
notes that's what I would do at least it
could to go like probably three to like
employees it's because under three like
they might just not be big enough and
over 25 probably will do that themselves
and then we' also I don't have a Apollo
plan here we'd also want to do sort it
by Shopify so then we'll see only
Shopify stores and that's what I would
do for the
list so basically the list would
be maybe we'll to put these up a
bit
USA founder marketing
titles 3 to 25 employees it's usually a
more predictable way to judge the size
than Revenue at least when you're
exporting list like this and then I
would have Shopify the
technology so for the offer it's going
to be the intro offer I'm going to
remake your stuff for you so we've
already done that which is nice we don't
have to create different called email
software remake this performing T
creative head BS for the script we
basically want it to
be 75 wordss or less and the CTA will be
a l so record a video on how it works
and then we'll just say like our offer
is to remake your best performing ad
creativs you know 10 times with
different avatars I've made a loom
explaining it would you like me to send
it over basically and we want to keep
these at like 75 words or less just to
like the number one reason people fail
with Cil in my opinion is they're just
have crazy long cold emails that no one
wants to read so that's it and then we
basically prospecting and cold dming and
cold emailing the same types of people
it's just the tool that we're using it's
going to be different so what would be
like called email tool one would be
called DM tool and what would be
manual the final piece of the puzzle is
to get what our Partnerships might be
Partnerships are very good way to do
traffic so basically for white label or
referral Partnerships because it's going
to be the same type of person it's just
a matter of
basically who or how they prefer to work
so Facebook ad
agencies creative agencies like not not
EGC creatives just normal creatives
influencer
agencies and
then probably like YouTube
agencies these are the four types of a
agencies that I feel would white label
or refer to us you could like
extrapolate it out to like e-commerce
email marketing but I think these four
are going to be the
8020 so it's very important to stick to
that for media Partnerships you know
e-commerce
[Music]
newsletters e-commerce
podcasts e-commerce events really like
speaking at e-commerce events
something like that for the joint
venture I think the main one is going to
be something
like for x amount of money you know part
let me
just partner with media
buying email marketing at zero landing
page
agency and then you know
for x amount of money you get landing
page media
buying email flow and EGC at and that's
like your joint Ben so that is the top
of funnel completed now so let's do our
check marks
again so basically we've applied every
single part of this funnel to a ugc
marketing agency or ugc Ad Agency and
and that is how we would apply the
funnel and I just accidentally clicked
back but that's how we apply the funnel
to any kind of agency if you like this
video let me know in the comments like
comment and subscribe and I will see you
in the next one this might be a very
very very valuable video for you to
watch and I'd recommend you watch the
entire thing because this is how you can
apply the 1000x leads marketing funnel
to any B2B business it's not just for
agency it's not just for Consultants
it's not just for coaches or info
products this system is not reliant on
tricks or fads or hacks or anything of
that matter it's a fundamentally sound
marketing funnel that can be applied to
literally any business or Niche and to
prove that this is going to be my first
video where I do something that is not a
marketing agency I'm only done three of
these videos to date but how many
marketing agency videos do we really
need to do so let's do it for a business
lawyer in the State of Florida serving
small businesses that do a million
dollar or less in revenue and the reason
why we have to add that specificity is
because typically lawyers to my
knowledge and I'm not a lawyer kind of
remember that for this video is a lot of
them can only practice in the state that
they've passed the bar so like the
Florida State Bar the New York Bar the
California bar Etc so we're just going
to assume this hypothetical lawyer has
only licensed in Florida and we want to
basically get a you know Revenue range
$1 million or less because the lead
magnets the webinars the products the
conversion mechanisms that you would do
for you know a Fortune 500 company in
Florida or even a 30 million a year
company in Florida are going to be quite
a bit different than the ones you would
do for a business under $1 million per
year and it's very important that we
kind of add that context especially for
our content our lead magnets our cold
email our Partnerships that kind of
stuff so let's get right into it CU this
is what the funnel looks like and I've
taken out all of the pieces of the
funnel and have us starting blank here
and let's start filling it in one at a
time so the first thing we're going to
have to do is figure out our categories
and also our lead magnets so what would
be the categories of business law like
you could have the the structure of the
business like when you're forming a
company you know your your C Corp your
llc's your escorp your Partnerships your
sole
proprietorships type stuff another one
could be the
contracts another one could be
employment law what could be another one
intellectual
property how would you say that you know
protection
maybe you could have Regulatory
Compliance you could have tax planning
if that's how you would say it and again
I'm not a lawyer for this video so
really
just bear with me here right bear with
me we could have something like what
would be like data
privacy we could have something like
financing like when you get a loan or
line of credit or that kind of stuff and
we could have real estate and leasing
there would I think there would be quite
a bit more categories I think you could
probably have 15 to 20 categories for a
lawyer but let's stop here let's you got
to stop somewhere so these could be the
things that this hypothetical business
lawyer in Florida advised
Florida businesses on so we structure
which kind of be like the how would you
say the you know what do you want to do
an LLC an es Corp a partnership a sole
proprietorship that kind of stuff the
contracts you know drafting reviewing
contracts with
customers suppliers that kind of stuff
employment law like hiring best
practices employment agreements that
kind of stuff intellectual property
would be like copyright and trademark
type stuff Regulatory Compliance
hopefully that's self-explanatory tax
planning data privacy type thing where
you know how that those laws are getting
more and more sophisticated and advanced
with every passing year financing is
like the loans Li of credit and real
estate is like let's just say a business
is a a restaurant or something that kind
of
stuff so what we'd want to do is turn
these into lead magnet ideas but before
we do that that let's go over and put
these General things inside
the inside the thing inside what what
we're doing here so I'm going to
basically copy and paste these to my
other screen just to speed it up so I
can look at my other screen and don't
have to scroll back and forth so we have
our structure we have our contracts we
have our employment
law we have our intellectual property
I'm just going to put intellectual
property but it's intellectual property
protection regulation Regulatory
Compliance I guess it be a better word
tax
planning data
privacy financing and then real
estate so those would really
be the lead magnets or the categories or
the objections or the parts of business
law that I would
be doing the lead magnets around so
let's think of what we could do with the
lead magnets for contracts we could have
you
know nine templates
for X Y andz contracts so you might have
a template for your employees a template
for your vendors for
your customers for your suppliers that
kind of stuff I think that would be good
we could have a you know 10 step
checklist or 10 yeah 10-step checklist
when
creating an employee
agreement in the State of Florida let's
just say that to keep yourself protected
and let's kind of let's make these if we
can a little bit bigger just so we can
see it on the screen and just so we can
make you know kind of need to call out
our target audience in these a little
bit so we could make that a little
bigger easier to read because we can't
just
say you know employment agreement we got
to specify in the State of Florida
because that's what it's for first of
all and that will also make
everything more appealing to businesses
in Florida because it feel like it's for
them templates for each type of contract
let's go vendor customer employee
partner and let's just put Etc there so
those are two things we could do you
know a guide on
how you know five minute guide on which
type of
corporate structure you want or
something like
that you know LLC C
Corp s Corp Soul Etc that's soul
proprietorship if that wasn't obvious so
intellectual property what could we do
for intellectual property I'm going to
come back to that for a
second for Regulatory Compliance like I
wonder if there are certain regulations
that have to do with absolutely every
every business so 10 regulations in the
State of Florida you have to plan for or
something and remember I'm not a lawyer
and I'm not I'm doing this live I don't
have like a guide or something to do
this so let's just like this is what I
would do though for a lead maget because
that's just something that's very good I
would have something like 41 ways to
save money on corporate taxes in the
State of Florida and again don't get
caught up in the number here because I
have no idea how many ways there are to
save taxes in the state of Florida this
is just the concept that I would use for
a lead magnet for data
privacy something like top 10 things
your privacy policy on your website must
include in state of
Florida like something that's very show
like these things are overcoming
objections showing the customers that
you are a business lawyer and you're an
expert at this this is basically if you
were to have all of these lead magnets
like they would really really trust you
if you were a business lawyer in the
State of Florida for financing I would
do top 10 things top 10 hidden things to
avoid when taking a business loan or
line of credit something like that where
you can save the money or save them from
making a
mistake top five things to make sure you
have in your lease agreement in state of
Florida let's put business in
there like this is actually what I would
do so I'm not kind of kidding you
know something like
H what would I
do something like this is the
intellectual property
so you know checklist for
copyright
trademarks
patents and then we'll just go Etc in
the State of Florida so this is really
what I would be doing for the lead
magnets for if I was a business owner in
the State of Florida and yeah sorry for
it's kind of hard to see these on the
screen I bet but we're just going to
have to move on let me zoom in again so
five minute guide on which type of
corporate structure you want templates
for each type of
contract 10 step checklist and creating
an employee agreement checklist for
copyright trademarks patents Etc 10
regulations in the State of Florida you
need to plan for 41 ways to save money
on corporate taxes in the State of
Florida top 10 things you must have in
your privacy policy on your website in
Florida top 10 hidden things to avoid
when taking a business owner line of
credit in the State of Florida and I
kind of harp on this and I kind of even
though it's redundant to say like when
you're promoting these lead magnets in
ads or with content or in your email
list you you just must call out the
State of Florida because not only is
this for State of Florida and I'm sure
every state has their own nuances and
intricacies intricacies in the the law
but we need to call out Florida
businesses because if you're doing it
with content with ads you can Target
Florida with cold email you can Target
Florida but with content and that kind
of stuff anybody can download your stuff
so it has to be very clear or it should
be very clear that it's for Florida so I
think we did a good job of basically
taking our lead magnet
ideas so I'm going to put check marks
here check marks
here so next thing we want to do is our
cont content strategy so let's keep
going our content strategy has three
let's call them very important parts
because they're all important they're
not saying that anything is less
important than the other but we need to
figure out what platforms to use what
our strategy is going to be and then
what our schedule is going to be like so
for platforms it's kind of always the
same we have our Twitter and we're going
to use hype Fury for that so let me open
my hype Fury what we're going to do is
hype Fury is a Twitter tool but we're
going to when we post stuff we can also
cross post it to LinkedIn and Facebook
and Instagram very easily so we would do
that and then what we do is we take
whatever tweets and Linkedin posts and
Instagram posts got the most likes and
engagement so basically we could sort by
number of likes or replies or
engagements usually engagements and
replies and likes will kind of be the
same thing and we can basically you know
if everybody's liking this that's
probably a good idea for a longer video
so that's where I have posted the most
likes we'll also turn those into Tik Tok
and YouTube videos so the next thing we
got to do is basically find out two
different you know strategies because
the Tik Tok strategy will by default go
to the Instagram and the LinkedIn
strategy as well as the Tik Tok but the
YouTube strategy will be a bit different
we really got to use our brain for this
one so what we want to do is we want to
open chat GPT we want to open
a uh new Google
doc and we want to do business
lawyer in
Florida so what we'd really want to go
for here is we want to take the
different
categories that we brainstorm earlier
and put them into oops not not like that
put them into the sheet like this maybe
put that to 18 size and put a no we
don't need a check mark but what we
would do is something like what are 50
FAQs when creating a corporate SL
business structure in the State of
Florida don't give well actually don't
give like
these FAQs should imply they are already
in
business and have
Revenue don't explain each FAQ just give
me the FAQ and I type that because if
you don't type that it's going to
explain everything in
Florida so we might do something like
this we want to what our what our main
goal here is is to essentially and let's
take another thing to my other screen
here what we essentially are trying to
do is come up with a bunch of FAQs for
each type or each part or each of these
subcategories and the purpose of that is
that's going to become our content
strategy if we can think of 20 or so
FAQs for each and we have nine
categories or 10 categories let's say we
have nine here but let's just say we had
10 that's 200 potential content ideas
that we can just post one after the
other after the other and just do that
basically
forever and once those 200 ideas are up
we can basically just restart and post
again because not everybody's going to
see it the first time not everybody's
going to remember and if they somehow
happen to seen it and remember
repetition is always a good thing so
that is why and that is what we are
really planning to do here here so the
thing is we want to make
50 FAQs here because not all of these
are going to be good some of these are
going to be basic like I said I'm not a
lawyer I know relatively nothing about
corporate law that's why I hire a lawyer
but we really want to look through these
and see which ones are going to be the
best cuz you know these are very good
here what are the tax implications I'm
changing my business structure in
Florida what's the process for changing
the registered agent how do I update
ownership information with the Florida
divisions of Corporations you know that
kind of stuff but also here how do I
protect my business's intellectual
property it's not that that's a bad FAQ
but we also we already have a different
section for intellectual property
protection so we'd probably delete that
how do I navigate zoning from my
business location that's more of a a
real estate and leasing
one so we just would have to go through
how do I manage Florida state taxes for
my business that's also more of a tax
planning one so you get the picture I
would do this for every single one of
these I'm not going to here just for the
sake of time it's kind of I would say
unnecessary to go through this how do I
address sexual harassment in the
workplace probably not a corporate
structure one fit that one where you may
I'm not going to to really comment on
that how do I legally reduce my business
taxes so chat gbt is a great way to
think of it and use your brain for other
ones but if you do that you can just
narrow it down to 20 or so I'm not
saying that you have to narrow it down
to 20 but it's more of you know that's
kind of you know 40% of them are really
going to be good based on my experience
so that's just kind of how I do it for
example how do I employ handle employee
terminations not for the structure
you know business data privacy and data
protection laws Etc like these this is
how you would go through it and delete
it you'd either delete it if it's a
really stupid question or you'd delete
it if it's in one of your other
parts so the next thing you would really
do is you'd open up a sheet because that
is what we would do for basically the
FAQs but we also want to have the 30
most important YouTube topics so what we
would do is we open up a strad sheeet
video idea mob board gamma do date last
posted so what we do here is we come up
with the 30 most important video ideas
that we could possibly do for for
business lawyer for companies as a
business lawyer in the State of Florida
so we do this we would go into the
mirror board just like we have this here
and we kind of make the graphics in here
here for the videos that we're going to
make cuz we want to make really high
quality pointed videos that are for the
you know that only businesses in Florida
under a million dollars would find
interesting it's very important that we
never go too broad or obsess about views
or go off the script we really want to
keep it to the point where we're only
kind of after these top video ideas so
you'd have video idea you know number
one video idea number two video idea
number three for this one is you know
how do I set up a corporation what type
of
Corporation structure should I
do how do I make a partnership
agreement how do I
make an employee agreement how do I make
a vendor
agreement what should I do to pay less
taxes and then you just go all the way
down just like that and like I said I'm
not a lawyer in the State of Florida so
I'm going to kind of hide my ignorance
on this and basically do that but what
you want to do
is you'd want to
basically think of the video idea have a
mirror board for each and then set up a
gamma do for each and write it all out
in the gamma do so you'd have part one
introduction you'd have part
two basically what to
do part
three why you should do
it part
four how to do it
part five like examples or
scenarios that would be a good way to
put it for this so we'd break it up into
our
colors just to signify that these are
all different
parts and then we would you know put as
many slides in between as we could
possibly need
to you know
make this lead magnet as good as it
possibly could or not lead magnet in
this case but the thing that we're going
to go over in our YouTube videos and
then we would just go
present and we basically just do it like
that and then we' record a video like
I'm doing right now talking about this
stuff so the thing is like this is going
to really separate you from all of the
other lawyers because most people when
they start their business they don't
have a lawyers they don't trust lawyers
they think they're going to get ripped
off if you have a YouTube Channel like
this where you have all of these
different important topics and you're
just kind of talking like a normal
person that's going to go a long way
very very long way so you'd have your
gamma link like
this basically you do the same thing
You' make a different gamma link for
every single business or every single
topic however you want to think about
it you basically go
to the date last posted today is March
11th 201 24 so basically you'd make one
of these videos per day as part of your
marketing plan and once you've gone
through all of the videos and all of the
ideas what you do is you just start over
and maybe you title it different maybe
you would make it better maybe you would
apply some more specific scenarios but
now you just keep making the same 30
videos over and over again until the end
of time and these will really really
Stack Up trust me if you like the videos
that I'm doing right now that you're
watching right now this is exactly what
I do so proof of concept so for our we
have our platforms and kind of what
we're going to do there we have our
strategy now our FAQs and our important
topics now we do the the schedule so on
Twitter we want to post five FAQ tweets
per day three long form threads three
images or graphics and one promotional
post or offer then we want to make one
Tik Tok per day and one YouTube per day
it's very i' would say it's simple
enough so basically let's go back to
this we have our ads idea because we
just run ads to all of these things we
have all of our content plan now we have
to go to our
Outreach very very important as
well so for our Outreach what do we need
to do we have to do a few separate
things here so I'm going
to insert
this so we want to build our list
because basically success with cold
email comes down to three things we have
our list we have to be emailing the
right people we have to have our offer
and we have to have our script so we
build our list in Apollo Or List kit one
of the two we our offer should be
awesome like very valuable not just get
on a call with me and it should also if
possible be using AI this might be a bit
of a gray area for the lawyer industry
or the legal stuff because you know that
actually has to be not written by AI so
but normally I would say use AI when you
can to make it faster or at least use
some sort of framework or template so
let's see if we can do that so first off
we need to go into
Apollo let's log in
here let's go to search
let's go to
location and the first thing we want to
do is
Florida so there are
3.84 million email addresses in Florida
that's quite a bit so what we'd probably
want to
do is if they are doing you know a
million dollars or less a year like we
can kind of say if there's $100,000 per
employee that would be $100,000 each
type thing if you you know like a lot of
businesses their revenue is based on you
know their main metric is revenue per
employee let's just assume it's 100,000
so we kind of want to do it somewhere in
the you know 3 to 10 employee count
because in this situation if they do the
3 to 10 employee count then that's kind
of like what am I trying to say here
that kind of signifies there between
300K and million dollars in Revenue it's
not going to be perfect but such is life
when we are exporting our cold email
lists and in this case like it'
basically be the
founder or the
CEO who is going to be hiring a
corporate
lawyer so this is kind
of you know in my opinion this is really
what we'd want
to have for this because think about it
as well if they're really if they're
like a thousand employees or something
or even a 100 employees they probably
have their own in-house lawyer or at
this point they've been using a lawyer
because you don't really get to even a
100 employees without having a lawyer
but in a lot of cases I think they would
not have a you know they might have one
we could even lower this because you
know some people who are just starting
out might need a lawyer too so maybe we
don't do 3 to 10 employees so this would
basically leave us with you know 455,000
people to email to export and I would
probably export this list because I'm
not sure how I would improve it at all
based on really what we are doing here
it's kind of just broad businesses in
Florida under a million dollars per year
and I think that this would be basically
pretty good for for that
so what do we have here because we got
to list it out to make this video as
awesome as
possible so we have our location that
was easy for us
Florida we have
our employee
count 3 to
10 we have our job title
basically CEO and founder
and that was basically what we did for
our list
here the next thing would be our offer
like what could we
really like what could we really do for
these people that would impress them so
one thing that I think we could do
is you know that's low risk but pretty
good we could what could we do
something about contracts I
think we could do like something
like before we had our lead
magnets like templates for each contract
that you could do yourself and get a
lawyer to check maybe we make four types
of contracts for
them let's kind of make this a little
bit bigger you know make these contracts
for
them for
free then we could probably do this or
if we wanted to at least you know upload
templates to AI or chat GPT uploading
them to AI is kind of a weird way to say
it but we're just going to leave that
for now and then apply to their specific
business so we kind of can make it
awesome like this would be very valuable
like if a lawyer is contacting you and
you had a business bus and you probably
need this stuff like here's the you know
contracts that you need for your
employees for your vendors for your
customers Etc I'll rate that for you for
free that would be an excellent cold
email offer that's really likely to get
a
response so for our for our script here
we might do something
like you
know it might be along the lines of you
know we want to keep it like let's go
back a bit want to keep it
75ish words or less no one wants to read
a
book what else do we want to do we want
to make it make it focused around a loom
or a video because if we make our
scripts focused around like can I send
you a loom with more information that
you know is more valuable in terms of
explaining it lets them see our face
hear our voice that kind of stuff that
just build a lot of
trust so we might let's try and let's
try and write a script
here just
quickly you know hey there or hey
name
I am a
Florida lawyer serving
businesses under 1 million per year in
Revenue
I create I will or I am willing to
create your
employment
vendor
customer and partner contracts
absolutely
free mind if I send over a loom
explaining the details and then you know
you're kind of implying that you know
yes I want it so if they say yes then
you send them a loom let's check the
word counter
here that's 40 words we could probably
make it a little bit better than
that and I want to
prove to you that you should trust me
with all of your corporate legal needs
or something like that that sounds kind
of dumb but something like this is
really all you
need you know so I'm a Florida lawyer
serving businesses under 1 million per
year in revenue and I want to prove that
you should trust me with all your legal
needs I'm willing to create your
employment vendor customer and partner
contracts absolutely
free you know they will be completely
custom for your your
business not
General templates or something like
that mind if I send over a loom
explaining the details like I say you
should keep it under 75 words just to
avoid people sending like 500w called
emails but it's not like you have to get
to 75 words it's not like if you have 90
words or something that you should redo
it just what works best for me
so for white label let's go to
Partnerships because we just finished
our cold emails and our Outreach so we'd
use the same thing for cold email cold
DM not really going to go over
prospecting here just because that's
just different so let's go to
Partnerships in this case I would
probably
say you know the only real white label
partner would be you know an other law
fir
that kind of they're you know they are
too big to serve
a you know a company under 1 mil just be
to to the nature of like legal services
like it like who else is going to be
white labeling you you have to be
licensed to be a lawyer it's not
like it's not like a marketing agency is
going to White Label Law Services that
just wouldn't make
sense but for referrals what could we do
and let's just try to get maybe let's
say let's let's get four
here and let's move this over just so we
have let's get five here let's move this
over and get some more
room so we got to kind of take this with
the fact that we are trying to you know
do corporate lawyer so we like who else
deals with corporations a lot in the
State of Florida like you could have you
know accountants CPAs they're doing tax
they need a lawyer you could have real
estate brokers or like commercial real
estate ones what else could you
have you could have you know and like
thinking back to what are our lead
magnets you could have you know
employment layers stuff like that you
could have like you know commercial
lenders who else could you have might
have to
might have to use the old chat gbt on
this one what type of businesses would
be most likely to refer people to
corporate lawyers give me 10 we can
choose which ones are the best so like I
said accounting firms that makes sense
real estate agencies or brokerages that
makes sense banking institutions that's
kind of what I had oh insurance
companies that would be a good
one consulting firms
technology
companies
Healthcare let's just go let's just do
let's definitely do insurance companies
that makes
sense and the the last one let's just do
like you
know you know just other businesses
let's just say like we could like any
business really but definitely these
ones
for
sure for media it would be kind of like
you know what would be some examples you
know get in front of people you know
let's actually take the media thing down
here just to get some more
space you know you
[Music]
could get on TV let's just put TV you
could get on
Florida you know Biz podcasts you know
podcasts you could do Florida business
newsletters you could Florida YouTube
channels you could you know
Billboards that kind of
stuff so like these are the type of
media Partnerships that you would
probably have to do in this case
for joint ventures like in some
ways you'd kind of have the same joint
ventures as maybe not every business but
accountants you know I'm setting up your
like we're setting up your business here
you know I work with a lawyer you know
that kind of stuff you're leasing your
you know company office or location I
have you know a lawyer you're doing your
commercial lending oh I also have a
lawyer people might not trust that one
people might not trust insurance
companies but you get the picture like
you would do a joint venture to make it
simpler you know I'm probably going to
only go with accountants because I feel
like people would be skeptical like if
you're buying something from a real like
a real estate person and they recommend
their own lawyer that's probably not
going
to it's probably not going to get a lot
of confidence type thing so let's keep
going cuz where are we here where is the
picture so now we have our Partnerships
all done as well we have our white label
referral media and JV so now we got to
figure out what we would do for our
conversion mechanisms and our
offers so let's go here so
affiliate would be interesting you know
I don't even know what type of softwares
could corporate lawyers be Affiliates
for like because I don't even know
like you know legal research
tools yeah contract management doc yeah
you could do docy sign that kind of
stuff that would be
good so let's just say you know contract
tools legal
research what were some other ones
here yeah document
management because it's kind of kind of
awkward for you know a lawyer to just be
an affiliate for a lot of these tools
I'm not going to lie so for The Unique
mechanism you know AI creates four
contracts for
them for a newsletter I basically do
either a city or State newsletter just
going over local
news because you know it's kind of weird
maybe either or you know I would choose
between that and I actually have to
think about it you know a Florida
business newsletter might be good too
and i' that would be a tough
decision for the community I would do
Florida business owners like that's kind
of
self-explanatory for the live Workshop
what would I do for the in info
product what would be decent info
products you can sell for $100 is as a
Florida business lawyer
serving businesses that do 1 million per
year revenue or less give me 10
ideas this is like if you don't know
like what you need to do like this is
exactly the process
ah that contract templates bundle would
be way better but we gave that away as a
lead
[Music]
magnet I might do something like
like contract templates for specific
businesses but no I have that as the
unique mechanism and the lead magnet oh
my God this is going to crush
me I could do something like you know
mitigating you
know what could I do what could I do
because I don't want to make it too good
cuz I need to make something good for
the course as
well gosh this is just going to be a
tough one for webinar I would do
something like top 10 ways you can
decrease your tax burden in Florida like
that would be a great webinar i' would
say for the live Workshop I would do you
know one times per week helping you
know answering one law question indepth
it would be like an hour webinar or an
hour live Workshop that people could
come on and see you in real time and you
could also record that as well my
appointment setter would follow up two
times per week that's kind of simple and
I'm just killing myself I would probably
do the Florida business newsletter if I
wasn't if I wasn't specifically a
business lawyer I would do the city or
state local newsletters just cuz you
know but if I if I was a specifically
because I'm a business lawyer here I
would do a Florida business newsletter
if I anything else besides that I would
just do the local one so what can I do
for a product that's really
good oh my gosh I'm going to come back
to that one so for referrals I could
refer to to
accountants you know real estate I could
refer to any type of business you know
Professional
Service and I could have you know
accountants Insurance real estate all of
that kind of stuff I'm just going to put
any type of Professional Service
here for you
know you know basically the recuring
service would be a retainer to do you
know whatever is needed if they need it
the onetime service is you could do you
could do a couple different things here
like you
could I
probably program for program I do like
for $250 per month ask me questions
whenever you
want and I'll get back to you that would
be an interesting offer I think just you
know basically paying for access to it
you could even pay you know you could do
200 let's just leave it at 250 per now
but I don't know you could do for what
for whatever you
need for the course I would probably do
something along the lines of you know
taking all of these lead magnets and
putting it into one
course basically like a master Florida
corporate law course we'll call it like
that we'll just call it that for the
purposes of here for the one-time
service you could do something like a
business audit to find out what they are
missing like that would be a very good
you know service like what are they
missing because a lot of the time you
know you're creating their contracts
once you're helping them do a you know
patent or something once you're doing
all of that kind of stuff so you could
you could audit their structure their
contracts their employment agreements
their copyright and trademarks their
Regulatory Compliance their tax their
data privacy and that kind of stuff I
think that would be a pretty good
offer so for the info product still my
gosh that one is tough because I've kind
of screwed myself you know by making the
unique mechanism so good and they also
have templates for each type of contract
you know I could change this to top five
things to include in each type of
contract and then I'm going to sell
pre-made contract
templates for different agen or
Industries because I just have to do
this and you know I don't know what else
could be used for a paid product so
let's go let's add all of this stuff in
we have you you know Master law
course basically selling access to
ourselves ask me anything for 250 per
month classic it's kind of a I think
that's a decent offer you know any
retainer focused
work you know business you know legal
audit let's just
say for our conversion mechanisms top 10
tax webinar
you know reviewing specific what what
did I say that was
again you know answering in-depth law
questions that would be great for a
recording you know document related
software
affiliate contract
templates
pre-made contract templates let's just
say
for the newsletter Florida business
newsletter for the community
Florida business
group appointment setter reaches out two
times per
week the you know one times per week you
or one times per day YouTube video with
all of those 30 topics and the AI will
AI wres contract for you so the last
thing that we need to do here is figure
out what our thank you page is going to
promote
because we have to choose our most
preferred or most dominant lead magnet
on the thank you page and what would we
want to do for that I think we could do
really any of these things is the
unusual part usually there's something
that's obvious that we do but I would
probably I'd probably do the tax webinar
because there's not a single person who
wants to pay less
taxes so tank you page promoting tax
webinar as the most because you you
basically want to get them in all of
them but we got to choose one email
flows
promoting tax webinar got to reduce the
size of that so it looks to me like
we're kind of done we got all of our top
of funnel our paid ads our content our
Outreach our Partnerships we have our
lead magnets we have our thank you page
and email flows as well as our
conversion mechanisms and offers so I
really hoped you enjoyed this video I
enjoyed making it really because it's
not the typical marketing agency or
consultant or coach type offer that I
usually do so we have all of our lead
magnets around the most important topics
we have our content strategy and our
FAQs and our important topics we have
our we built our list we have our offer
we have our script and we have some
partnership
ideas we also have got our paid product
which is the pre-made contract templates
we folded and did that because that's
probably the best idea our affiliate
stuff our webinar our live Workshop
newsletter Community appointment center
content and unique mechanism and then we
have all of our offers so I have
presented how would build a business
lawyer Law Firm or individual practice
in the State of Florida and that is the
end of this video hey there everybody
it's Matt here and this is going to be a
video on what I would do if I wanted to
build a $1 million per year SEO agency
now I have never built a $1 million per
year SEO agency to be quite honest but I
have built three agencies to that
Revenue level or above and the process
is the same whether it's an SEO or a
Facebook or an Amazon or a c agency you
still need to go with the same amount of
steps with the offers the bottom of the
funnel the middle of the funnel the top
of the funnel and sales so I hope this
is going to be helpful and let's get
right into
it so if you don't know who I am and you
never watched one of my videos before my
name is Matthew Larson and I the founder
of a THX leads and 10K per month agency
I work with about 3155 agencies on a
monthly basis and make daily YouTube
videos and newsletters about growing
agencies so that's all about me if
you've never watched one of my videos
before in this video I'm just going to
go over what I would do and there's more
than one way to do it this is just what
I would do with no like BS or
gatekeeping whatever your plan is just
take what you think is good from this
and discard the rest I'm not saying that
you should follow this plan exactly if
it doesn't work for you so the whole
video is going to be going over the
1000x leads funnel where we have our top
of funnel at the top our middle of
funnel lead magnets and email flows our
bottom of funnel conversion mechanisms
and then our offers and sales process
down here so this is the most effective
funnel for any type of agency and it's
going to work for any type of agency or
B2B business so it's very good that
that's where we start with in the video
we're going to see that we start from
the bottom up because we can't really
start at the top in that way we have to
build the offers and then the bottom of
the funnel and then the middle of the
funnel and then the top of the funnel
and then sails and we do that because
trying to create the top of funnel first
would be like trying to put the roof on
the house first when it's being
constructed just not possible you need
the foundation you need the floors then
the walls then the frame and then you
can finally put the roof on but a lot of
people will start at the top but it's
not really possible if we want to do it
correctly so let's get into it if we go
back to the 1,000x leads funnel here we
have a few different offers we have the
onetime service the recurring service
the we need referral fees we need a
course we need a program and we need
digital products and affiliate links so
these are seven unique revenue streams
that can really really help like any
kind of agency where most people just
have their recurring service adding
these
will lead to two to three times the
amount of Revenue and that's hard to
believe for a lot of people but it's
true but more importantly in terms of
Revenue like also profit because things
like digital products things like
affiliate links things like know courses
programs referral fees these are all
going to be 100% profit margin or very
close to it let's call it 95 after
payment processing and maybe some
software but it's very very important
that we have all of them so the first
thing we're going to go over is what I
would do for the recurring service and I
would probably have three different
options for my recurring service or
three different tiers I would not
recommend doing this for a lot of
different agencies but for SEO I think
it is very very important so we're going
to call it the low tier package if I was
actually making this agency I would
probably call it like the silver package
and then the gold package and the
Diamond package to make it sound like
low tier package is kind of like a
thing to call it but whatever so
this would be 500 to 1500 a month and
these are the kind of things I would do
I would just optimize five pages per
month probably can be automated I would
check for broken links you know update
the site map one blog post all that kind
of stuff I'm not really going to go into
the very specific stuff here but like
this is just the kind of stuff that I
would be doing so if you have an SEO
agency you probably know this stuff so
it's just not super necessary for me to
repeat every single part but
the most you know in general the more
they pay the more stuff they're going to
get and we have something for small
businesses some for mediumsized
businesses and some for big businesses
so it's very very you know simple but I
think the three packages or three tiers
here is very important for SEO or you're
just going to be excluding so many
people from being a customer cuz a lot
of you know
let's say a gym or a restaurant or
something like that doesn't really need
$5,000 a month for SEO but they would do
500 to 1500 and the operations are the
same you're just giving them less so
that's a key thing that I think is
important to highlight here like the
operations for all of these tiers are
the exact same it's just more of a
quantity type thing very important to
note for my intro offer I found it quite
difficult to make a good intro offer for
an SEO agency and I think that is just
because it's played out at this point
not played out but just been around for
decades there's nothing new really about
it it's just a matter of you know doing
it so I think that a onetime SEO
optimization especially for people who
are just starting with SEO and kind of
wait getting their you know dipping
their toe in the water type thing where
I'd have a full website audit and do
some keyword research get the odd page
optimization you know make sure their
local SEO if applicable if they're a
local business is right and then do a
follow-up consultation for $2,500 I
think this is going to be a very
good intro offer as good as I could
think of for an SEO intro offer you
could also sell backlinks as an intro
offer but I don't know I don't think
that's better
either for my referral fees I would form
referral relationships with other
businesses who sell to the same type of
customer as I do but not the same
service so people who have like web
agencies or creative agencies or email
marketing agencies or you know Google ad
agencies we could do PR agencies
Facebook ad agencies anyone who sells to
my customer but doesn't sell SEO is
someone who I tried to partner with and
that way if for every customer I get who
might need something else I could send
them their way and collect a fee and
just increase my profit increase my
lifetime value type thing
for my course I'd probably make a course
that is around $997 and is good value so
what I would do is have training video
or training videos for every step that I
determined so stuff like intro to SEO
keyword research and strategy on page
SEO technical SEO link building content
creation mobile and local everything you
can kind of think of
that you know someone might need to know
about SEO I divided it into parts and I
would just have a bunch of training
videos or video if it only needs one on
how to do each part but it probably be
like three five 10 videos for each and
you put good effort into this course
it's not like you're a scammer who's
trying to sell courses like it is your
reputation and your agency's reputation
with this course so the best way that I
think to do it would be to repurpose and
package up your internal training a lot
nicer and then sell that as the course
and then you could also use it to train
your own employees so if you make it
really good and you put a lot of effort
into it you can double this as employee
training and then I would have a bunch
of different templates and swipe files
and assets for every step so you might
have keyword research templates you
might
have you know competitor analysis
templates just like whether those are
you like PDFs or spreadsheets or you
know whatever just templates to make it
easier for them because it's one thing
to give them the theory but we also want
to make it easier for them that's like
the Hallmark of a great course has
templates and Frameworks and stuff like
that for my program I'd probably have a
three-month done with you program where
they do it themselves and I'm going to
provide feedback I probably charge
around 6K for that there'd be four parts
to that I would have a custom SEO plan
in Trello kind of like we do with 1,000x
leads where you just have a bunch of
steps that you have to take and I'll be
very standardized and they follow along
I'd have a weekly Q&A call if anybody
has any questions I would have ongoing
feedback in slack so they're going to
get the plan they're going to be on
calls if they have questions and then
they'll also have a slack Channel and
then I would use an SEO tool I don't
know which one I would use there's a few
options to generate monthly reports on
their site so I would just have my
assistant put in their SL or put in
their site and we get a report and we
could kind of use this to show know that
they are actually making progress and I
can put that in the slack or the Trello
maybe if they decide to duplicate this
into their own Trello
board so for the affiliate links I would
promote one tool and there's multiple
tools for everything and you don't have
to promote these tools like there are
others but I I would promote one tool
for all of the major use cases in SEO so
if someone downloaded my lead magnet and
want to do it themselves I could have
these affiliate links in there as well
as my email Emil flows and still build
some mrr so I'd use HRS for the overall
tool I would use Surfer SEO for the
content piece I would use screaming frog
for the technical SEO and site auditing
and I would use answer the public for
Content idea Generations if you don't
know what any of these are like you can
Google them yourself and see what they
do but these are just pretty good tools
that I've used in the past for SEO on
not necess necessarily an SEO agency but
what for my own purposes
Elsewhere for my paid product I wouldn't
really want it to be $100 or less and
not require any manual fulfillment for
me this is very very important because
you can sell a lot of these sometimes
and you don't want to like $100 or less
is something that's expensive enough to
be meaningful but you could still like
impulse buy it you know what I mean so
$500 not really an Impulse buy where you
see it on an ad and buy it but 97 or
something like that is so I might use
you know woo rank or SEO Optimizer and
I'd scan their website for seos and I
would use API calls and you know zapier
and a little bit of make.com to do this
and you'd have to figure that out but
what I do is I just have to do their
website
URL you know hook that up with
automations to run the audit and then
deliver to their email and it would be
branded if you paid for the actual plan
so it' be pretty good could charge 97
for that and then on top of that I would
have free bonuses of the audit checklist
swipe file keyword research template
kind of the same bonuses that you got in
the course I would have just a few of
them just to make it seem that much more
valuable and when you're doing a paid
product if it's $97 you want the
perceived value of all of the bonuses to
be $97 on their own too cuz it's super
easy to justify like if any of these
things are good it's going to be worth
$97 and I think these bonuses and the
types of them are very good for that so
I think that would be a great offer so
that is basically what we've done for
the offers we have seven different ones
and having all these offers is very
important just to address and monetize
every level of the target market because
if you just have your main service
that's like 1% of people can
realistically buy that and
you know leaving 99% of people on the
table is not a serious business strategy
in my opinion so let's get to the bottom
of the funnel and let me open you know a
different thing here with the funnel map
just so we can see let's not open that
one because I was drawing on it but one
sec here there we go this one should be
good so realistically we have done the
offers part let's draw it properly here
so we're going to go the purple here
like we have done that let's put a check
mark there and now we're going to try to
do this part the conversion
mechanisms so let's get into that the
first conversion mechanism that I would
be doing is a newsletter and a
newsletter is one of the best tools to
convert leads who are already on your
list who already know about you into
customers it's just a very nice
intimate you know directly from your
brain into theirs way of marketing so I
would write a newsletter every single
Monday Wednesday and Friday and each
would have three main sections and I
would just stick to this format because
it's very repeatable you can just
duplicate your last newsletter and
change out the info and you could as you
get good at this you can make these in
like 15 minutes so the first would be an
actionable SEO tip that they can
Implement within 24 hours the second
would be a short example of what I would
do for a situation so I might have you
know I might come across a website who
has you know it's a local business but
they're on page SEO they H1s H2 h3s
their titles their meta descriptions are
all screwed up so I would do an example
of how I would fix that and then the
third would be a longer form section
about something important to do with SEO
probably like a long form long like a
long form stepbystep guide type thing to
be honest because SEO like in some
situations you can just write day by day
and just tons of stuff about whatever
your topic is but with SEO
like a step-by-step guide instead of
something totally theor theoretical
might be
better the next is I'm going to have an
appointment setter who emails texts and
phones all of my qualified leads based
on their responses to the opt-in
forms so I would pay this appointment
setter 5% Commission on any sales plus a
small based salary and what I would do
is have them focus on the intro offer
and if they can't sell the intro offer I
would have them focus on signing people
up for my main conversion
mechanisms so the next one here is the
retargeting ads and I would be running
retargeting ads on different ad
platforms to try to get in front of
people who have been to my website this
would be a small budget because I likely
won't have enough visitors to scale
probably like 5 10 15 $25 a day I would
do you YouTube retargeting ads to people
who've watched my YouTube videos before
as well as people who've been to my
website I would use Google Display
Network retargeting ads to people whove
been on my website and the same with
Facebook and maybe Twitter to be honest
let's actually put Twitter on there I
wasn't going to but let's do
that even though the targeting is not
great people who follow
me might do LinkedIn too but we're not
going to put that there
so that is the newsletter the
appointment setting here so that leaves
a few different options for our main
conversion mechanism we have our webinar
a live Workshop a community or a unique
mechanism here so I chose for this one
to be a pre-recorded webinar and I would
kind of go over the same stuff from the
course from earlier the exact same
topics you know I'm not going to read
them again here but you can see them on
the screen and I would use this because
I think it's really good way to do it
something very specific to a niche like
let's say I was I do SEO for jiujitsu
gyms or something you know how to drive
traffic to your Jiu-Jitsu gym using SEO
would be a great webinar and I would use
it make it very specific to my Niche to
show that I know what I'm talking about
and then educate people on just what's
possible because especially if you're
doing SEO for local businesses local
businesses aren't going to be as
sophisticated as hardcore e-commerce or
direct response marketing companies or
even like better run SAS they need to be
educated on this stuff even if it's been
around for decades and I think a webinar
would be something that would be very
very good for this purpose much more so
than a live Workshop or a
community you could use a community
though I don't know we're just going to
use a webinar because I think that's the
best option not to say the other options
are bad but let's just go with the best
option here because that's what's
important in my CRM when I have people
coming through my newsletter when I have
people coming through my webinar and my
content I would really in my appointment
setter I would try to tag them and get
their especially what their revenue is
so i' have people tagged in my CRM 0 to
10K per month 10 to 25k per month 25 to
100K per month and 100K plus and I would
try to do this with the tags because I
would sell the different packages to
those different Revenue levels like if
they're under 10k per
month in Revenue i' probably say that
even the low package is not going to be
good for them like probably not going to
do it so where are we here but if we
have the 10 to 25k per month that
probably be like the low package 25 to
100K would be the middle and 100K plus
would be the top and I think that'd be a
very easy and clean way to do it not too
hard to collect their revenue in
exchange for them signing up for your
webinar or something like that
so I think that would be very very
strong for what I'm trying to
do so this would be the middle of the
funnel and that or the bottom of funnel
and we've just kind of taken care of
that so the next is going to be the
middle of the funnel which usually makes
up of the lead magnets the than you page
and the email flows so let's get into
that
next so what you really want to do for
lead magnets is make fulllength
trainings on every single subcategory or
part that has to do with your service so
spoiler alert that these are going to be
the same topics as we did for the course
and the webinar because these are the
right topics so I'd have a lead magnet
full-size lead magnet on every single
one of these different topics so if we
go into my lead magnets for a THX leads
you know the cold emails the paid ads
the lead magnets the offers those are
different parts of a THX leads and I
have different lead magnets for each
it's the same thing here so these would
be really fulllength
not half ass at all take your time
making these like you really need to
impress the target audience with them
and that's the most important
part so when you're making these lead
magnets we want to make sure they pass a
bunch of different rules so even though
lead magnets are free would you honestly
say that you would pay $50 for this and
if the answer is no it's not good enough
and hopefully you have some friends that
are honest with you and you can them too
but if you wouldn't pay $50 to have that
information and that lead magnet it's
not good enough it's a very easy rule to
go through you don't need to go more
than $50 because it's free but if you
wouldn't pay 50 bucks for your lead
magnet then it's not a good lead magnet
it's not going to impress anyone like
these lead magnets people would pay $50
for the next one is the actionable rule
so is there a quick win or series of
quick wins that are very clearly laid
out that they can Implement within 24
hours because when they take your advice
and they put it into action they are
going to see that it works and trust you
way more very important and then the
readable rule so is there one idea and
one image per slide so you'll see here
there's one idea and one image per slide
I just kind of repeated that but it is
makes it so much more readable and
consumable it doesn't matter how
valuable or actionable your lead magnet
is if no one is consuming it and this is
the number one way to make lead magnets
or anything a lot
better the next thing I would do is the
email flows so those are going to be
right
here and I'd have two different types of
email flows and both would trigger when
they when people get my lead magnets so
if they downloaded a lead magnet they
would
automatically be added to these so the
first would be
the 4H hour email flow so that would be
the lead magnet delivery after 1 hour I
would go what we do or what problems we
solve after the second hour why we need
to solve these problems now and why we
need to solve these problems now is a
lot different than why we need to solve
them because if we don't put that sense
of urgency in frame it that way it's
going to be a lot less effective and a
lot less painful for
them and the next one is how we solve
the problems so this would be all done
in the first three hours proba the
three- hour email flow really but I call
it the 4 Hour so one's immediately then
after 1 hour then after two hours and
then three the next one I would do would
be a 30-day email flow with one email
per day and each of them would basically
answer an FAQ or objection that has to
do with SEO so think of these as FAQ
emails
but also so objection emails so like
some like an objection how do I measure
the ROI from SEO I'd have a full email
about that and you know what is the
difference between local SEO and
National SEO in terms of strategy and an
objection like are these backlinks going
to be terrible or how does this impact
my site load speed or you know if I have
to make everything SEO optimized doesn't
make it less readable for my website all
of these kind of different things
so if we keep going and you can pause
the video and get some of these FAQs if
you want and I'm going to link this
video in the description anyway or link
this document so let's go to the thank
you page so on my thank you page which
if you've ever opted into a lead Magnet
or a form before and you redirected to a
page that's the thank you page so what I
would have is a vssl about my offer book
a call button and then some case studies
very simple but that's what you need to
do next is the top of funnel so we kind
of went over this kind of stuff here now
we have to go over the very top and the
top of the funnel is called the top of
the funnel because this whole process is
shaped like a funnel where you going
funneling people to the celles call with
less people at every single step as they
drop
off so the first thing that we would do
here is pay ads so I would have a bunch
of different types of paid ads and a
bunch of different offers on Facebook I
would have lead magnet ads which are
trying to promote my lead magnets I
would have intro offer ads and digital
product ads and I'd have different
offers because on Facebook it's kind of
the most Mass Market out of all of them
and different things apply to different
people and each of these offers makes
the other one more effective so if
someone has downloaded your lead magnet
ads and sees your digital product ads
and they liked your lead magnet it was
valuable $50 rule
much more likely to buy your digital
products buy your digital products more
likely to sign up for your intro offer
and I do the same thing on YouTube and
the same thing on Google search for this
for my written content I would use the
same categories again from the course
from the webinar from the lead magnets
and I would do the same kind of thing I
did with my email flow but on a much
larger skill where I'd have all of the
different categories and my entire
content strategy would be to brainstorm
FAQs about them and then answer them on
LinkedIn on Instagram and Twitter what I
would do is use hype Fury which is just
a posting tool and it would cross poost
on all of these things so I don't have
to do that myself or I don't have to
make the content over and over again so
I just included three FAQs here for each
but what I would do is I'd try to start
with like 50 FAQs and then narrow it
down to about 20 if I have 20 FAQs for
10 different categories that's 200
FAQs and as I work my way through this
and answer all these in content I can
just start over basically no one's going
to remember at that point and even if
they do repetition is very important so
these are just some example
FAQs the next is video content and video
content especially longer form YouTube
videos like the one you're watching is
just one of the most important parts of
the overall funnel so we have YouTube up
here and we kind of have YouTube down
here
where it's so good because it builds a
lot of trust by showing your face
letting them hear your voice and just
separates you from where you're not an
anonymous internet scammer anymore
you're actually a real person and a real
agency owner who knows what they're
talking about so for my YouTube videos I
would keep it to three main Styles so
I'd have a tutorial style how to
do X Y and Z how to build back legings
an example style how I would make an SEO
strategy for Joe's local gym and then
quick wins and mistakes to avoid so top
X things to achieve y top five things to
fix your onpage SEO something like that
and I would just keep cycling through
these formats there's tons of different
topics that you can do and you probably
never run out and it makes it easy to
wrap your head around in terms of
creating them and all of that kind of
stuff for Tik Tok and reals and YouTube
shorts I'd make one short form video per
day and to think of these topics what I
would do is sort my written content by
engagement because I'm posting five
times per day here and if people like it
in written content it's probably worth
making a video about so I'd sort it by
number of likes and highest engagement
probably means the most interesting and
that's what I would do for that and
that's how I would never run out of
those
ideas for my Outreach campaign we have
mostly cold email is what we're going to
focus on but it'll be the same strategy
with cold d and prospecting too I'd have
two different campaigns and I'd try to
see which one is the best I'd have my
intro offer campaign and then that $97
digital product automatic audit campaign
and for the list I do basically people
from the United States CMO coo CEO and
founder job titles I do a 3 to 25
employee count just because I feel like
less than three might not have money or
even be a real business and then more
than 25 probably would have their own
SEO team in house
or definitely have an SEO agency already
and for this I would do if they're using
Wordpress would be my criteria and you
can just sort by companies using
Wordpress in technology so very easy to
find and my script would be centered
around a loom that shows my face lets
them hear my voice and explains it a bit
more in depth so when you're doing cold
email you got to keep it simple like you
really got to keep it to in my opinion
75 words or less you see all of these
people with a crazy word count and just
like they're writing a book so if you do
it like this more so and let me pull my
screen over that's 50 words 263
characters you're going to have a much
better example or a much better success
rate here and then it's sending over a
quick video is a lot less commitment for
them than you want to get on a call with
me and then in the video you can explain
it more in depth so you get the best of
both worlds a short low commitment cold
email and then a big followup in the um
Loom or the video that shows your face
lets them hear your voice and sends them
all the details very very good for
Partnerships I would put as much
emphasis on trying to create these as I
put on getting clients because when you
get one client you get one client but if
you get a really good partner they can
send you 20 or 50 or a 100 clients or
even
more so the referral and white label
Partnerships are basically going to be
the same for this it's just a matter of
if they want to White Label or refer to
you and I have Facebook ad agencies
Google ad agencies email agencies web
agencies creative agencies you could
have way more than that but those are
the ones that I put my focus on for
media Partnerships I would try to be
featured in blogs or newsletters or
podcasts or YouTube channels or speaking
at events or guest posting in like
communities for business owners type
things and for my joint venture
Partnerships I would partner with
website agencies and do their SEO for
them when they're doing it in exchange
for a fee or I would partner with PR
companies for search result
optimization so those are the two joint
ventures that I think I would put most
of my focus on so that is going to be
the top of funnel completed so we've got
the
offers we've got the conversion
mechanisms we've got the middle of the
funnel and then we got the top of the
funnel and the last part is to do with
sales so in my preall flow I would make
sure it does a few things I would send
them three reminders via email and SMS
24 hours before 4 hours before and 1
hour before just to avoid no shows on
the form I would try to get some good
qualifying information and or
disqualifying information and if I pull
up my own calendly as like a proof of
concept here on my
form you know I have all this stuff you
know with 1,000x leads if you're doing
less than 10K it's probably not going to
be a good fit cost 4K for a year how
familiar where are you booking from and
that's just good information to have for
your call and then when they fill out
this form they're going to re be
redirected to the sales presentation
where they can take a look at it so
they're going to be 100% familiar with
it the next is going to be a pre-call
video which they're going to get on the
thank you page and in the sales
presentation and in the email flows it's
just going to be talking about who I am
what problems I solve why we need to
solve them we should probably put now in
there how we solve them and then some
examples and case studies I'd probably
make this 3 minutes 5 minutes but
maximum 10 minutes and then in my sales
presentation I would make it so I could
share it within 7 to 10 minutes on a 30
minute call that would give me a lot of
time to do the rest but these are the
main questions that I would be answering
in my presentation so what are we trying
to do
how is this usually done and what are
the limits of that why is our approach
new or different and why will it be
successful especially if they've tried
it before and failed you know who cares
if we're successful like what difference
will it make what are the risks how much
will it cost how long will it take and
what are the you know checks for Success
how are we going to measure success
here when I'm doing the sales call I
break it down into three parts the
information gathering part the screen
share presentation part from right here
and then the objection handling and
close so the first part would be five or
so minutes like why are we here today
why do we want to even do SEO or what
problem are we having like I don't have
enough leads would be a problem SEO
would be the solution you know why is
not having enough leads a problem why
now not why didn't you do this a year
ago or something or why aren't you just
do this six months from now and then why
not do something else like why would you
be doing this with me as opposed to
doing it yourself or something these
might sound like interesting questions
and obvious questions but getting them
to admit it to themselves out loud the
answers to these questions makes it
undeniable in their mind when you go for
the close like why is that a problem
because my I'm going to go out of
business if they admit that out loud
psychologically it's going to be a lot
better for you not going to go over the
screen share presentation again but the
objection handling and closed so right
after I'm done my screen share
presentation usually what I'm going to
ask is like what do you think about this
on a scale of 1 to 10 like one not for
you 10 I want to get started right now
and they're going to tell you and it's
always going to be honest when you frame
it this way and then you say they say
six okay how can we get that six to like
an eight and then or how do we get that
eight to a 10 and then what we want to
do is revisit their answers from the
first part hopefully you can remember or
take some notes here and then ask them
what are some things they don't like or
unsure about and they're going to ask if
you really ask them like this they're
going to tell you and then at the end we
want to tell them exactly step bystep
painstaking Clarity how to get
started most people aren't going to buy
right off the sales call that's just a
fact of life regardless of what sales
trainers are going to say so you need to
follow up so I would be creating 24
follow-up templates so I can follow up
twice per week for 12 weeks and each of
them I would include like documents
videos case studies examples templates
free tips so it's at least valuable it's
obvious we're trying to sell them but
it's at least valuable as well and that
is going to be the end of what we're
doing that's the sales process down here
so we've got the top of the funnel we've
got the middle of the funnel we got the
bottom of the funnel we got the offers
and then we got the sales and that's
really how I would build this million
dooll SEO agency so if this video was
helpful thank you for watching and I'll
see you in the next one hey there it's
Matt and in this video I'm going to show
you how I would build a $1 million Pere
High tickets coaching business I'm going
to go over everything that I would do in
terms of the offers the top of funnel
the middle of the funnel the bottom of
the funnel and the sales process so I
hope this will provide some great
examples for you and let's get started
so like I said this will be how I would
build a $1 million Pere High ticket
sales coaching business and if you don't
know who I am my name is Matt and I am
the founder of a th000 X leads and the
10K per month agency programs and I work
with about 315 agencies on a monthly
basis I've built over three agencies to
$1 million per year in annual revenue or
above in the past 12 years and I make
daily YouTube videos and newsletters
about growing agencies and B2B
businesses so before I get started I'm
just wanted to a this is exactly what I
would do and there are more than one way
to do things and you can kind of take
what you like from this and then discard
the rest but learning from examples like
this is one of the most valuable things
that you can do because even if it's not
strictly applicable because I'm sure
that not a ton of people watching this
are going to have a high tiet coaching
or high ticket sales coaching business
but you can take what you learn from
other stuff and apply it and tailor it
to yourself and that's actually in most
cases leads to better gains than just
purely copying what your competitors are
doing a good example of that just before
I move on is like when Henry Ford made
the assembly line for Ford cards he
actually got the idea when he visited a
butcher shop and it was a d assembly
line and he just kind of took that
principle reversed it a little bit and
applied it to his agent or his
industry this whole video is going to be
on the a000x leads funnel and we're
going to start at the very bottom and
work our way up for the same reason we
need to build the foundation of a house
before we put the roof on it just
wouldn't make sense do it otherwise so
I'm not going to go over the tools that
we need too much in this video I'm
trying to get to keep it tight but I'm
going to have this document Linked In
the description so you'll be able to
look at that for
yourself so for number one the first
thing I would do is for my recurring
service I would be providing ongoing
sales coaching and strategy sessions and
I would focus on high performing sales
teams from Enterprise from whatever that
need continuous Improvement and
accountability to maximize their results
so I wouldn't do like I'm going to coach
your closer one person for you know some
kind of agency I would go after big
sales teams because that's where the
high fees are and that's where it's
needed most to be honest I would not
have different options I would have a
product High service where they pay X
and they get y so for $25,000 a month
you're going to get X for $5,000 a month
you're going to get whatever but I just
did it for this one as basically a
$5,000 per month service which has
weekly 1hour coaching session with
however many team members they want it
has a customized sales scripts that you
know okay for this type of salesperson
we might say something like this or for
this person we might say something like
this or for you for me Matt the best
sales script for me that works with my
personality you know that kind of stuff
is this I would also have a good sales
funnel optimization with the preall flow
the sales presentation post call
followup and stuff like that and I would
do a monthly performance review this
would probably be what I would do for
one to two people if they have a 10
person or a 20 person sales team the
price would obviously go up but for the
video I got to choose something right so
let's get into the intro offer so sales
coaching is all about quick wins and
building momentum in my opinion and
instead of diving into a long-term
commitment I'd offer a one-time Deep
dive session to get immediate results
fast so you can think of your intro
offer and your recurring service working
together is the intro offer gets their
foot in the door maybe they have 10
people and this would be $25,000 per
month or something and they just I don't
know about this mad guy like is he good
is he not good how am I supposed to know
so our intro offer would be a lower
price lower commitment but lower value
offer that they can kind of test the
waters put their dip their toe in the
water you know get their your foot in
the door and see and if you do a good
job and you kill it with this one then
it's easy to sell them the recurring so
think of it like stepping stone so in
this one for $2,500 strategy session I
would do a 90-minute one-on-one session
with the owner maybe audit their sales
process maybe come up with some Custom
Sales script and then an action plan
probably do this with the owner for the
intro offer or the head of sales head of
growth Like Chief Revenue officer and if
that goes well you know easy to do that
with every member of their team like
this for my referral relationships
because there's going going to be a lot
of people who can't afford my services
but they might need something else or
they you know can afford my services and
they're working with me but they need
other stuff I want to have some referral
relationships where I can collect fees
and basically get the you know a greater
lifetime value per client so I partner
with CRM software sales training
platforms business coaching Services
marketing agencies name a few where if
they come to me I'm doing a great job
and they do you know anyone
who know do you know a good CRM software
provider like oh yeah my favorite is
closed.com for example or do you know
some you know we have you know I love
your sales training but we need more
leads do you know any lead gen agencies
yes I do I work with these ones because
that's you're going to get a referral
fee here but it's going to benefit you
as
well for my course what I would do is
create a
$997 course that if someone is unsure
about me or just can't afford me they
can still get the value from my course
and what I would do is think of every
step that's involved with you know High
ticket sales so I got prospecting cold
Outreach sales calls closing deals
objection handling follow-up strategies
upselling and referral generation and
I'd have a video basically for all of
these
steps I would also have a few templates
a few sweat files checklist assets as
well like a sales call script objection
handling swipe file followup email
templates and the closing checklist and
I would do that just because to get more
value people want information but they
also want action and they need to
actually take you know put this
into the real world so if I can give
them some template swipe files checklist
assets for every step of this then that
would be a great addition to my course
for the program I would also have a done
with you program and you can think of
this as somewhere in between actually
doing the service for them and having a
course which is do it yourself I would
do a thre Monon done with you sales
coaching program where I give them you
know what to do maybe in a project
management board like Trello I do one
live Q&A call per week with everybody in
the program and then they could have
like their own chat slack channel for
continuous support that kind of
stuff for my affiliate links I would
just kind of get a sign up for an
affiliate program that has all cover all
of the major use cases so for a CRM I
might use pipe drive for Kenly for
scheduling tools for Zoom for video
conferences and docu sign those I'll
have an affiliate program and I can put
this in my lead magnets and stuff like
that my email flows which we'll talk
about later and I can really start to
build up some affiliate commissions as I
grow my
business the next one is the paid
product and this is the final of our
seven offers and I would create a
lowcost product that's automated and
requires no further effort for me so
basically this is not a service this is
a product that's the same for every time
automatically delivered no fulfillment
and what I would do is a bundle of sales
scripts maybe for 20 different
Industries so even if they're not in
those Industries even if they're only in
one of them that's good enough value but
they can also see how it might work in
other Industries and I would include
some free bonuses to maximize the value
even further and I would have an
objection handling guide follow-up
planner template closing technique swipe
file and prospecting tips and tricks my
goal would be to make these bonuses good
enough that they could also be
justifiably worth $97 as well so that is
it for our offers Next Step will be the
bottom of the funnel and here are the
tools we would need we need beehive for
the newsletter close.com for appointment
setting webinar Jam for the webinar we
use gamma again for the slideshow in the
webinar and close.com as the
CRM I'm not going to open these just go
to the description it'll be in there so
the newsletter is one of the most
important tools to convert leads who
already know about us into customers
very important to understand
that like how would you
say without you driving traffic to your
newsletter and getting people to sign up
it's useless but once they're there and
once they already know about you one of
the two best tools to convert them from
lead into customer they the other one
being YouTube videos so I would write a
newsletter three times per week every
Monday Wednesday and Friday and each
would have four main sections so I'd
have an actionable tip they can
Implement within 24 hours which would be
like what would that be what would be
going to be example of that when you
know the first thing you say in the call
is this I would do a short example of
what I would do for a certain type of
business in terms of the script I would
have some examples of good call
recordings that I've seen of course I
would include permission for that and
then I would have a long form section
about something important about sales
like tonality or asking for the clo or
objection handling that kind of stuff
and I would just have this as a very
valuable newsletter that's focused on
content more than sales for my
appointment setting I would have an
appointment setter who emails text
messages phones Etc all of my qualified
leads based on their response and their
revenue in the opt-in forms which I'll
talk about in the CR section and I would
get them to focus on my intro offer
which is the sales audit because that's
going to be a lot easier to sell in
general than high price recurring High
commitment sales coaching and if they
can't do that then I might get them to
focus on signing people up for my
conversion mechanism which in this case
is going to be a
webinar I would be running retargeting
ads on different platforms to try to get
in front of people who already know
about me CU they need to get people to
know and see you multiple times in most
cases I would use a very small budget
because can't really scale retargeting
ads unless you have tens and tens of
thousands of views per day but I would
put YouTube retargeting ads on people
who've watched my videos and people have
been to my site and I would use Google
display ads and Facebook ads on people
who've been to my site so people have
been to my site for everything but also
specifically on YouTube people have
watched my videos cuz if they're
watching my videos they already know me
and they're going to be much more
receptive to that retargeting
ad for my main conversion mechanism that
I would send my leads to to show them
hopefully they can qualify themselves
and book calls would be a webinar and
this webinar would be very similar to
the course but it could be something
like top eight things you need to do to
increase your close rate from 20 to 30%
something of that nature and it would go
over you know prospecting tips cold
email or cold Outreach tips sales tips
all of that kind of stuff same kind of
thing as the course except 45 minutes to
60 Minutes long total instead of you
know in-depth for everything the final
piece here is the CRM which I alluded to
earlier on all of my forms what I would
really want to be doing is something
like this where on the form I get their
revenue just like that and that would be
very important information to sync to to
my CRM because we have all these
different offers right we have our
recurring service we have our intro we
have our digital product affiliate
course referral and program and that is
why we have these because if we didn't
do that anyone who's making less than or
less than 100K per month realistically
is not going to buy our recurring sales
training so we need to know where
they're at so we can accurately pitch
them through our appointment setter
through our email flows and that kind of
stuff and we'll sell different packages
and different offers to different
Revenue levels and we're going to make
way more money doing
this that is going to be it for the
bottom of the funnel and now the next
step will be the middle of the funnel
here so the first thing we want to do is
make lead magnets for each of parts of
the service so these are going to be the
exact same categories as the webinar and
the course not to get repetitive or
anything but this is literally how you
would do it so I'd make a full lead
magnet for prospecting for cold Outreach
for sales calls for closing deals for
handling objections for following up
upselling and getting referrals a full
length big document maybe 50 to 100
maybe even more pages but it's very
important that they follow the three
lead magnet rules that I always will
harp
on we want the value rule look inside
your lead magnet and ask yourself would
I be paying $50 for this and if the
answer is no it's not good enough it's
free but in terms of time and energy and
effort you BAS still had to sign up for
your form look at it in their email
folder open it read it maybe it's free
in terms of money it's not free in terms
of time so it needs to be worth $50 and
if it's not then it's not good enough
next is there an actionable step or
quick wind or plan that they can
Implement within 24
hours go go back through your call
recordings check for X Y and Z that's a
good example in your next sales
presentation you have 60 seconds to make
sure you're powerful so script the first
60 seconds within reason and then is it
readable is there one clear idea and one
image per slide and if the answer is no
then it's not consumable enough it
doesn't matter how valuable and
actionable it is if it's not consumable
and this is less important like the
video you're watching right now because
there's me talking and explaining it but
when you're doing your lead magnets for
the most part people are just reading it
in silence it needs to be very
interesting and consuming able for them
to even
bother the next step is the email flows
and what I would be doing is creating
two different email flows and the first
one would be sent over the course of
four hours so after they oped in we'd
get immediately sent the first one will
be immediate and it would deliver the
lead magnet that they've been signing up
for the second email would be what
problems we solve the third would be why
we need to solve them now and the fourth
would be how we we solve them and that
would be after 1 Hour 2 hours and 3
hours so realistically this is a 3-hour
flow but bear with me
here after that starting 24 hours after
the initial optin I would send a 30-day
flow which is one email per day for 30
days and each would be dedicated to
overcoming an objection or frequently
Asked question so you know how much does
it really cost to improve your sales
team when will we start seeing results
sales coaching versus just hiring what's
best what are some common sales pitfalls
is the sales process transparent enough
how can I guarantee the success for your
sales team all of that kind of stuff
where you know we might just like these
are the things that our prospects are
probably thinking and nervous about so
we have one email per day for 30 days to
overcome and address all of these
concerns very very important and then on
the thank you page so basically when
they submit this they'll be
automatically redirected to the thank
you page I would have a video sales
letter about my offer a book a call
button and proof of all of the other
people that I helped and that is going
to wrap up the middle of the funnel now
the next part we have to do is the top
of the funnel and that includes paid ads
it includes content Outreach and
Partnerships so I would use paid ads on
a number of platforms to help me get
leads for my different offers and I
would mix up and run multiple types of
AD campaign PS at the same time too so I
would run Facebook ads to my lead
magnets earlier my intro offer earlier
and my digital products earlier and then
I would use YouTube ads and Google
search ads to my intro offer just
because it doesn't really make sense
economics wise to run YouTube ads or
Google search ads to a free lead Magnet
or digital products it's just not high
enough potential Roi to justify the cost
of those for my written content I would
try to post five times per day on
Instagram LinkedIn and Twitter using a
tool called hype Fury which will
crosspost it and save me time so what I
would do is I would take those same
subjects and same subcategories in the
webinar and the course and the lead
magnets and I would brainstorm 20 FAQs
for each and then my entire content
strategy for the written perspective at
least would be based around answering
these FAQs so for prospecting what are
the most effective ways to find clients
how can I build a wrong Prospect list
for my sales team I'm going to read a
couple from each for cold Outreach what
is the best way to approach potential
clients cold how do I write cold emails
to get responses what are the key
components of a successful sales call
how do I structure a sales call to close
more deals what are the most effective
closing techniques how do I know when
it's the right time to close these are
things that people are thinking so
basically what you want to do is create
content in different ways stories
examples just how to quick quick wins
things to avoid all that kind of stuff
in your written content answering these
questions it's one of the easiest but
most effective ways to do it and you're
never going to run out of content ideas
again you just got to find these
categories and brainstorm as many FAQs
as
possible for my video content I would
focus and I kind of got screwed up here
in my format but I would create three
main types of videos I would have the
tutorial style the example style and
then the quick wins and mistakes to
avoid and I would cycle through these
formats and try to make at least three
YouTube videos per week so just some
examples of what I would do the
foolproof formula for closing High to
get deals coming up with sales
strategies that actually work or you
could do sales scripts that actually
work you come up with offers that
actually work whatever the best cold
calling setup for consistent results how
this follow-up technique boosted my
close rate by
50% all very click baity but necessarily
clickbaity video ideas it's just an
example of what kind of videos I would
be making
for my Outreach what I would do is I'd
be focusing on my intro offer and trying
to Target directors of sales CEOs
Founders cro VP of sales those kind of
roles with 10 to 100 employee count in
the United States who use Salesforce as
a technology and that just indicates
that they have a pretty big sales team
so you can swap Salesforce with any kind
of sales platform or CRM but this is
what I would do and I would Center my
script around sending them a loom that
EXP explains in more detail you know
shows my face lets them hear my voice
and my script would be very simple like
less than 50 words realistically I
noticed you were in a business with the
sales team he could or or another like I
noticed you are using sales
force then I would be I have a I can
create a three-month sales coaching plan
that could help your sales team close
more deals just like we did for so and
so company would you mind if I send over
a quick video with all the details talk
soon Matt or whatever your name is you
could definitely make this a lot better
I just wrote it in about 10 seconds but
this is the kind of script that you
actually need if you want to be
successful in cold email too many people
have the big like massive wall of text
that doesn't
work for our Partnerships I'm not going
to go over too much about the referral
and the white label again just because
that's the same as I talked about
earlier but it was the sales training
platforms crms the consulting firms and
the marketing agencies for media
Partnerships I would try to get
interviewed by you know sales podcasts
being in sales newsletters or sales
blogs or YouTube channels or speaking at
sales events you know conferences
industry seminars all that kind of stuff
and for joint ventures I maybe partner
with a CRM or a business cons consulting
firm so they sign up for the CRM they
get x amount of sales coaching or
something if it's an Enterprise
CRM for the sales part my preall flow
would try to do three things it would
send them email reminders Via SMS and
email 24 hours before 4 hours before and
1 hour before it would be like the same
as M cenly here that does a bit of
information collecting so I know you
know good stuff that's going into the
call let's go let's just open up mine
here our program or like what our price
is what's your Revenue where you coming
from today that kind of stuff and then
when they submit this I would redirect
them to my sales presentation so that
they no know what we're talking about in
The Call preall video would be the same
as kind of my vssl or Loom who am I what
problems do we solve why you need to
solve them how we solve them in some
examples I'd aim that to be 10 minutes
or less and I would send that to them
when they book a
call for my sales presentation I would
really want to start off strong and go
over some quick proof examples results
that kind of stuff and then I would
answer the questions like what are we
trying to do improve sales team
performance close rates Etc how is this
usually done you have basic training
generic scripts that leads to limited
results limited very inconsistent
results what's new in our approach we
have advanced coaching techniques and
customization that leads to higher
success and sustain Improvement what
difference will this make it'll make
faster growth and better Roi for your
sales team what are the risks sometimes
this is misaligned with company goals
but we'll figure it out and here's how
we figure it out and there's challenges
with implementation but here's how we
make it easy
there's always going to be risks and
objections so you might as well address
them but then you like get past that by
saying these are the risks but here's
how we do that how much is it going to
cost we did it earlier but but you know
typically $5,000 for a couple people the
initial setup will take weeks but you're
going to see results in 3 to six months
we're going to see improved sales
metrics like close rate and book rate
meeting rate no show rate that kind of
stuff and I would finish it off with
more case studies and results and proof
and that kind of stuff so in my sales
call I would split into three parts I
would do the information gathering part
the screen share part and the objection
handling part very basic stuff but
getting them to admit the answers to
these somewhat obvious questions out
loud is very powerful when you go for
the close I would go over the screen
share presentation that I just said
above not going to do that again and
then after my screen share presentation
be like so what do you think about this
from 1 to 10 and then You' re visit
their answer from the first part you
know they admitted out loud there's a
problem and they need to solve it so you
got to go back to that ask them what
some things they don't like or unsure
about overcome those objections and then
tell them how to get started most people
aren't going to follow up or most people
aren't going to close right on the call
so we need to follow up I would do twice
a week for 12 weeks and I would just try
to include in addition to being salesy
some documents some videos some case
studies some examples some templates
that kind of stuff and you're just just
some stuff so you know how to open a
sales call that grabs attention it just
be a tip so opening statements what are
some other ones and I'm going to link
this again so you can go through it what
are some videos with some follow-up
strategies or what is a tip to create
urgency without pressure so stuff that
proves that we know what we're talking
about and give some free value just so
that we have plausible deniability when
we follow up so it's not as
sales so that is how I would build a $1
million per year high ticket C sales
coaching business I hope you like this
video and thought it was valuable and I
will see you in the next one hey there
it's Matt and this video is going to go
over how I would build a $1 million per
year cyber security company in the
healthc care industry so the main
benefit of a video like this is just the
thought process behind it even if you
don't have a healthcare cyber security
company you can apply the same context
to an agency or any kind of service
business that you are running so let's
get started right now so let's get
started into how I would build this
agency and if you've never watched one
of my videos before my name is Matt and
I am the founder of a THX leads and 10K
per month agency programs and I work
with 35 agencies on a monthly basis so I
know what works right now and what
doesn't I've also built three agencies
to over $1 million per year in annual
revenue myself including the last one
was about 7 million before before I sold
it so I actually have real experience
building these agencies unlike a lot of
people everything in this video that
you're going to see is going to be over
the 1000x leads funnel which I created
as part of my program and it's a very
good complete marketing funnel that will
lead to fast and permanent growth for
any agency or B2B business such as this
Healthcare cyber security consulting
firm the first thing we need to take
care of are the offers and inside the
THX leads funnel there are seven offers
we have our recurring service our intro
offer referrals courses programs
Affiliates and products so all seven of
these offers are very important to have
because it's the only way that we can
monetize the entire target audience if
we just have our recurring service like
a lot of businesses have 99% of people
are not going to be qualified to buy
that whether that's it's too expensive
it's not a good fit they don't need it
Etc but when we have all of these offers
we can monetize everyone from the
absolute beginners to the medium people
to the big people and then all the way
up to Enterprise it's very very
important the first offer I'm going to
go over is my recurring service so what
I would do here and I wouldn't do this
for every type of agency or business but
in the context of cyber security I would
have different tiers or different
solutions tailored to different levels
of the market so I would have three I
would have a basic basic cyber security
standard and then Advanced and it would
be for you know different Revenue levels
different needs all that kind of stuff
so in my lowest tier I would have the
the standard stuff the vulnerability
assessments risk analysis that kind of
stuff basic network monitoring
compliance checks that kind of stuff and
that would be for small clinics you know
walk-in clinics all that kind of stuff
that just has to comply with the
hiaa regulations and that's about it for
a medium-term package or medium tier
it's going to be
for not just the small walk-in clinics
but I'm going to have more stuff and
this is going to be better for not quite
fullon hospitals or health like or huge
Healthcare organizations but in between
in between some of like a walkin clinic
and a full hospital system and that's
going to cost a lot more and then for
the either ones with like the full
Hospital systems or those that have like
excessive or more
than standard like compliance and that
kind of stuff highly sensitive data I
would have the full cyber security
package with a dedicated account manager
I would have the monthly cyber security
reviews and I would be doing the
automatic Audits and real time detection
so those those are the three different
tiers and I I would have those three
tiers in this case because if not it's
kind of a situation where you're even
taking this to a greater extent so not
even you're excluding people from your
recurring service let alone not having
all of the rest of the offers like most
people for my intro offer it's kind of
hard to just offer like I'll do cyber
security for you for one month and then
you can decide if you like it or not
doesn't really make sense to have an
intro offer of that type so what I would
do is a one-time cyber security audit
and risk assessment and I basically go
into the organization or have my
employees do that and really you maybe
go over a 25 step checklist or whatever
it ends up being but I would complete do
a complete review of their current
infrastructure and the risk assessment
and compliance and incident response
plan and I would put this into a
document and present it to them and say
okay like this is your current situation
and you know if you join the full cyber
security package I will give you this
credit towards you know the first month
and I don't personally know enough about
the ins and outs of cyber security to
know what pricing I should do I just
kind of set these prices kind of
arbitrarily I'm sure for cyber security
for healthcare you probably could get
into pretty expensive packages but bear
with me here is this is a lead
generation video not a pricing
video I would also want to be able to
refer my clients to other businesses
that can give me a referral fee or
something of that nature and that will
just increase the lifetime value of
every one of my clients so some things
that I wrote down are compliance
Consultants legal firms insurance
providers healthc care IT services like
these are stuff that my clients would
feasibly want or need so if they ask me
they say wow you are so great to work
with do you know anybody who does
compliance or do you know anyone who
works at a legal firm that specializes
in these Healthcare regulations i' would
say yes and then I would refer to them
and collec a feed that would just
increase my LTV quite a
bit I would also have a course that
might be good for you
know maybe like individual doctors or
smaller clinics who want to know how to
do themselves maybe they have um a
receptionist who can do it that kind of
stuff so I would have a $997 course and
then that course I would include
training videos for every steps and then
stuff that they can do or you know use
to make it faster and easier so it have
videos about understanding cyber
security managing network security
Insurance compliance or insuring
compliance inent response planning
securing data implementing access
controls and all of that kind of stuff
and you you can read this document
itself it's going to be in the
description but this is the kind of
stuff and the categories that I would be
using and then I would you be having
templates swipe files checklists and
assets that work on every step and make
it faster so for security so we might
have a network setup guide for managing
the compliance we might have a
compliance checklist or if they're about
to be audited here's a guide on how to
get everything you need to you know be
audited type thing we might
have a plan that if they get breached
what should we do and this stuff will
just make it a lot easier to implement
what I'm teaching in the videos and save
them a lot of time like this kind of
stuff really increases the perceived
value exponentially as as as opposed to
just having the
videos I would also have a program that
follows somewhere between the course and
the doing it for them know the course is
do it yourself services are done for you
this would be done with you if youve
ever heard the term and this basically
have like they get a three-month plan
they get a weekly Q&A call and they can
get chat support but they do it all
themselves other than me helping them a
little bit and it's just a nice offering
that's kind of in between and will
increase your LTV and help you close
more deals for the type of person who
wants something like
that for my affiliate links this is a
great way to put these in your email
flows and your lead magnets and get some
mrr from basically getting people to
sign up for tools that they would be
using anyways so I might use crowd
strike which is kind of funny based on
the crowd strike glitch that happened
about a month ago at the time of
recording this I would use Splunk for
Security Management Duo security for my
two Factor authentication and I would
use V for compliance help so these are
stuff that these people would need
anyway and if they click on my link and
then sign up for the software I'm
probably going to get some pretty good
recurring commissions and if I have this
full funnel and I'm getting tons and
tons and tons of leads this will add up
to a lot more than you think over time
for my paid product I kind of was
struggling to think of something good
here but what I thought of was a
healthcare cyber security compliance
tracker so this could be basically a
spreadsheet template that helps you
manage all of your cyber security
regulations such as the hia and all that
kind of stuff so it just be a matter of
you know you build a spreadsheet once
using the necessary logic and the steps
and all of the assets you sell it to
them and as pre-built formulas and
conditional formatting to help them with
stuff like reminders and highlight areas
needing attention and that kind of
stuff with the paid product I would also
have a few free bonuses I would have a
policy compliance tracker an incident
response log and a cybercity audit
checklist these things will just add to
the perceived value and they're
something that they would need to have
anyways so they would make great bonuses
for this $100 product that will really
just increase our conversion rate when
we're selling it those are what I would
do for the seven offers and the next
step is going to be the bottom of the
funnel when we get to the bottom of the
funnel it is basically right here we
have our conversion mechanisms like our
webinars our vsls our live workshops
newsletters communities appointment CS
content and more and we need the bottom
of the funnel because that is what helps
us qualify the leads that we're
generating in the middle of the funnel
and get them onto a sales
the first thing that I would do is I
would have a newsletter that is about
you know Health Care cyber security it's
not going to be sexy it's not going to
be you know very interesting to anyone
who doesn't have a health care business
but I would write a newsletter every
Monday Wednesday and Friday and each of
them would have a few main sections I
put three here I meant four I would have
an actionable tip that they can
Implement within 24 hours basically like
do this to secure like to Greater secure
your data I would have a short example
of what I would do for X so for local
businesses here what I or for local
healthcare clinics here's what I would
do then I would have an example about
how we solved a specific cyber secur
challenge for you know a certain
Healthcare client we had and then I
would have a long form section about an
important topic in healthcare cyber
security something like the actionable
tip but just a longer and more
theoretical I would also have my
employment seter emailing phoning and
sending text messages to all of the
qualified leads based on my form and I'm
just going to get a lot more booked
calls by doing that as opposed to not
doing it at all same with my retargeting
ads I would be running retargeting ads
on YouTube Google Display Network and
Facebook on on all three of these
platforms I would be putting retargeting
ads to people who have been to my
website but on YouTube as well I would
also put retargeting ads on people who
have watched my YouTube videos
for my conversion mechanism I would
probably use a pre-recorded webinar just
because I might not use a group or a
live Workshop as I don't really know
what I would talk about or post about or
you know there's just not the sample
size I don't think and the in my opinion
this target market doesn't have enough
time to engage in a group all the time
so what I would do is make a 45 to 60
Minute pre-recording webinar just based
on the the topics that we're talking
about earlier the same topics from the
course but instead of a full course this
would be just 40 to 45 to 60
Minutes I would set up my CRM so that we
can really
basically see who's a small Clinic who
is you know a large Health Care System
all of that kind of stuff and I don't
know what I would really tag this on
because a lot of these systems I just
don't know enough about cyber security
to know like you know what Revenue
ranges these are and this is a
hypothetical video just to show you like
the different examples it's not me
trying to start a healthcare business so
you know this very well could be you
know if you're a large hospital system
UB might be doing millions and millions
per month right but I would more let or
nevertheless I would have different
Revenue tags on my Forum so I kind of
get a better idea about who I'm dealing
with in the middle of the funnel we have
our lead capture and Lead nurturing
system so lead magnets our email flows
and our thank you page so what I would
do for the lead magnets is the exact
same thing that I did for the course as
well as the webinar I would have
documents that I would make you know
exact guides for the cyber security
Foundation the risk management the
compliance and regulations the incident
response planning and I would have exact
fulllength guides that people can
download and see that I definitely know
what I'm talking about and I'm the
expert I would make sure that all of
them are very valuable and even though
they're free I would make it so valuable
that people would have no problem paying
$50 for this cuz if that wasn't the case
it's just not good
enough for the actionable rule I would
make sure that everything has a quick
win that they can Implement within 24
hours of downloading it and I would make
it very readable with one idea an image
per slide you got to remember that
you're not talking in the lead magnet
it's not a video usually people are just
scrolling down like this and if we have
one idea and one image per slide it
becomes a lot more easy to consume for
for a lot of
people I would have two email flows that
trigger when everybody whenever somebody
signs up for a call or a lead magnet
form or whatever I would deliver the
lead magnet I would tell them what we do
one hour later I would tell them why
they need to solve these problems an
hour after that and then I would tell
them how we solve these problems after
that so it be across 3 to four hours
after that's done 24 hours after the
first email I would be sending 30-day
email one email per day and each email
is focused on solving
one objection one FAQ all of that kind
of stuff so stuff like know why should I
do it or why should I hire you vers do
it myself you know what are the real
costs you know can you guarantee the
safety of my patient data like these are
all objections or FAQs no do you need a
long-term commitment for cyber security
yes it's you know mandated at this point
stuff like that will these cyber SEC
tools like be very cumbersome and slow
down the operations to haveing do two-
Factor authentication and all of the I
don't know what you would call them but
how do I stay ahead of cyber security
regulations how often should you audit
like these are all things that people
would want to know and it's not sexy for
a cyber security firm for healthcare but
the process to getting clients is the
same no matter what the niche is and
then on my thank you page I would
basically have a vssl about my offer
book a call button and some proof of
other companies I've helped and when
they sign up for the lead magnets and
they start getting the email flows
they'll also be redirected to thank you
page and I will you know put these
things up there that is the end of our
middle of funnel so now we need to do
the top of funnel and the sales and then
we'll be all done with this
example in the top of funnel we have a
few different traffic sources we have
paid ads we have content we have
Outreach and we have
Partnerships for my paid ads I would
basically do three types of campaigns on
Facebook I would do lead magnet ads
intro offer ads and digital product ads
because I can go basically through a few
different paths here I could go you know
just like this let's get our connection
restored
quick I could go through the lead magnet
and down the funnel I could go through
the paid product and down the funnel
and I could also go like all the way
around right to the intro offer to the
funnel so on YouTube it doesn't really
make sense to have a lead magnet funnel
or an intro or or a digital product
funnel just because of the economics so
on YouTube in Google search I would just
stick to my intro offer which would be
that audit for my written content I
would try to post five times per day on
LinkedIn Instagram and Twitter and I
would schedule these using hype Fury so
it will automatically
cross potic so I don't have to make
unique content for each but basically
all I would be doing is taking those
same
categories and thinking of FAQs for each
so I think of probably 20 plus FAQs for
each and then get the FAQs and then just
write short content about it and short
content about what I think and how to do
it and I put it on LinkedIn and
Instagram and Twitter and that's all
there is to it realistically it's the
easiest and one of the most effective
content strategies cuz when people
follow you they're going to see that you
understand them and you understand what
their concerns are and it makes you look
like an expert these are can be thought
of as faq's objections and if people
follow you long follow you long enough
and you answer every single one of those
objections over the course of weeks or
months eventually they're just going to
book a call it's really that easy for my
YouTube videos I just thought of some
things here I got the fullprof method
for protecting patient data in
healthcare simplifying cyber security
compliance in healthcare a step-by-step
guide and stuff like the best network
security setup for healthcare
organizations these are not going to get
many views at all but the algorithm is
so good these days that it's going to
hit the people that you want it to hit I
would keep it to the tutorial style the
example style in quick wins and do what
I'm doing here where basically it's kind
of like you are screen sharing and
talking over an asset you just got to
get good at screen sharing and doing
that over time and then you are going to
you know SL slowly build up and slowly
build up and people are going to find
out about you and this is one of the
best ways to actually book calls is to
have videos like this these particular
subjects not exactly sexy not going to
get a lot of views but these are just
some ideas that I came up with and if I
was doing this I would these are the
videos that I'd be
doing for my short form content I
basically just see all of my tweets and
see all of that kind of stuff and see
which wins get the most engagement and
if they have the most engagement that's
a sign that people are interested in it
and I would expand on all of it with a
Tik Tok a real shorts
etc for my Outreach what I would be
doing would be targeting people in the
USA and probably the co coo like CMO CEO
and founder job titles with a 10 plus
employee count with Healthcare keywords
medical center clinic that kind of stuff
I might put cyber security in here only
for like forming Partnerships but if I
was really just going to do this to the
target audience I would only focus on
these
ones here's what my script will like so
I noticed that your healthare
organization might benefit from stronger
cyber security measures I can create a
customized three-month Healthcare cyber
security plan tailored to protect your
data and insure compliance just like we
did for someone else we could probably
make this better if I knew a little bit
more about healthc care stuff and if I
was building this company I would
obviously know that but 50 words or less
you know this is what I can do like I
did for this can I send a video for you
and that video can explain it more in
depth show your face show your voice let
them hear your voice all that kind of
stuff for Partnerships my referral and
white label Partnerships were the same
ones that I talked about earlier so I
won't go on too much about those but it
Services compliance Consultants legal
firms cybercity tool providers for my
media Partnerships I would go to like
healthcare industry blog or cyber
security newsletters or healthcare
industry podcasts YouTubers newsletters
that kind of stuff I would try to speak
at events and help on like the
healthcare and the cyber security
communities because even if you know
you're speaking more about a cyber
security Community a lot of people do
cyber security for whatever but they
don't do it for healthcare so you might
get some Partnerships that way and for
the joint venture Partnerships I would
speak with it service providers and
compliance consultants and try to have a
solution where if they hire either one
of us they can get you know fully
optimized IT services but also with
cyber security measures that we
need for the sales which is the last
part and oops I put the wrong thing in
here let's go
back sales is down here so let's replace
that one
there let's delete this
one so sales is down here in the funnel
and it consists of the pre-call flow the
sales
presentation the followup and the sales
call so before they even get to the call
I'd be sending them reminders 24 hours 4
hours and one hours before so that would
basically be email and SMS to reduce no
shows I would get a lot of good
qualifying information on the call just
so I know what I'm dealing with and then
when they book the form they're going to
be read directed to the sales
presentation that I would go over on the
call so they're going to be 100%
familiar I would send them a pre-call
video Who I Am What problems we solve
why we need to solve them how we solve
them examples and I would aim this for
this to be M maximum of 10 minutes and I
would do that in like the confirmation
email in my sales presentation I would
you know answer a few questions like
what are we trying to do we're trying to
ensure compliance cyber security posture
protect sensitive patient data you know
if you have basic security measures man
manual Moni monitoring and ad hoc
compliance like you know prone to Human
air might not scale well with growing
threats you're going to be get screwed
basically so we have proactive cybercity
measures automatic threat detection and
continuous monitoring and that's
minimizes the risks and ensures ongoing
compliance and provides real-time
protection so this contrast in sales
especially the presentations is pretty
important you know who cares like really
what difference will it make we're going
to reduce the risk protect patients
trust and ensure Regulatory Compliance
so we won't get fined a lot of this
stuff is compliance like mandated what
are the risks so like if we're over if
we have overreliance on our automated
systems without proper oversight that
might be a bad thing whatever the risks
are like we need to bring them up or
people are just going to think we're
sneaky or stupid and don't realize the
risks exist but we bring up the risk and
then say okay now here's how I would
will overcome it how long will it how
much will it cost how long will it take
you know midterm stuff and finish it off
with more proof so in the sales call I
would break it down into three parts
information gathering screen share
presentation which I just went over and
then the objection handling and for my
follow-up basically what I would be
doing is I
would make 12 or so followup or 12 or so
weeks worth of follow-up templates TW um
two per week for 24 total
and in each I would give like I would
follow up and ask for the sale but I
would give some good practical advice
and that kind of stuff and I have it
here I'm not going to read them all I'm
going to link this in the description so
I hope you enjoyed this video and that
was valuable and I'll see you in the
next one hey everybody in this video I'm
going to show you how I would build a $1
million per year B2B content marketing
agency with things like LinkedIn Twitter
Instagram ghost writing and that kind of
stuff so this is is an exact
step-by-step process that you can build
a Content agency or any agency in
general really and I'm going to go
through absolutely everything from the
offers to the bottom of funnel middle of
funnel top of funnel sales and
everything in between so let's get
started you don't know who I am my name
is Matthew LaRon and I'm the founder of
both a000x leads and the 10K per month
agency program and I work with 3155
agencies on a monthly basis so I kind of
have some unique insights that some
other people might not I've built three
agencies to over a million in annual
revenue in the past 12 years never a B2B
content marketing agency but the same
process is going to apply so if you've
never watched my channel too I make
daily YouTube videos and I write daily
newsletters about growing agencies and
B2B businesses so subscribe make it a
habit I don't know whatever you want so
this is going to just be what I would do
and there are more than one way to do
things but if I was going to build this
I'm going to show you exactly what I
would do with no G gatekeeping and then
you can take what you think is good and
discard the rest or combine it with
something or tell me how stupid it is in
the comments again you can do what you
want it's your life right so I'm going
to base this entire video on the funnel
that we teach in a THX leads because
that is just a perfect lead generation
funnel so I'm constantly going to be
referencing this diagram here it might
be a bit zoomed out but we can also go
onto mirror board and I'll open that up
and we can look at it there too so we
need to start at the very bottom with
our offers because our offers are the
everything's going to be based around
our offers we got to get our offers then
our bottom of funnel then middle of
funnel then top of funnel and then sales
because we have to do it in this order
because these are all dependent on the
previous steps so the first part is
going to be offers and I want to show
you where these are in the funnel so we
have seven different offers we have an
offer down here a recurring service
referral fees courses programs affiliate
fees and digital products so for this
these are the tools that I would use
anyways and you can do whatever you want
but I would use my gamma dos for my
presentation I would use mural boards to
create Frameworks and Graphics I would
use an affiliate spreadsheet with all of
my links and I'll open that up here I
would use a referral spreadsheet with
all my links too and then I would use
kajabi for for my course content and
Trello for my programs but there's lots
of tools that you could use for this so
don't feel like you need to use these if
you have something that already does the
same function as some of these like you
don't need to switch but if you don't
have anything and you want to do it like
these are good choices what I would
recommend so the first offer is the
recurring service and I would mostly
Center this around doing written content
for LinkedIn Twitter and Instagram and I
would stick to B2B businesses like
agencies or SAS because cuz that's the
niche that I know the best and there's a
direct potential to get them clients and
a tangible Roi because if you're posting
for them on LinkedIn and Twitter and
Instagram and they get a client from it
like there you go that's Pro proving
your service is
valuable so for $6,000 per month my
deliverables would be 90 short form
posts so 240 characters or less I would
do 12 long form posts per month and turn
these for threads for carousels as well
as newsletters I would optimize their
Twitter LinkedIn and Instagram profiles
and then I would do four autod DM type
posts per month so if you know what hype
Fury is or you know what many chat is on
Instagram kind of like that and if you
don't know what that is Google it Google
it for my intro offer I think it's a bit
difficult to
just like give them a paid trial even
like let's do this for one month or
something just because content usually
compounds and you're not going to get
results right away well you could but
likely not and if we're not going to get
results right away it's going to be you
know hard to upsell them to the
recurring stuff like they just didn't
get any results in seven days worth of
content or something like that so I
think it might be more beneficial to
make them a strategy here so for
$2,500 I would make them a 90-day
content strategy for LinkedIn Instagram
and Twitter and in that I would create
their subcategories or their content
strategy I would create 20 frequently
asked questions per subcategory 30
YouTube ideas create the posting
schedule set up their height Fury set up
their many chat brainstorm assets create
a landing page for them and a welcome
flow and I'm going to go over like some
of this stuff later in this video
because this is what you would be doing
for yourself too so you're basically
doing what you'll be doing in this video
for yourself but then the same concept
for
clients and if they bought the intro
offer first and then upsold to the
recurring service I would give them a
$2,500 credit to reflect what they paid
but this wouldn't be permanent I would
like kind of do some urgency or scarcity
type work this is a 30-day limit and I
would enforce that limit you can't say
and then not enforce it
so for referral fees like it's a very
good way to get you know extra Revenue
per client because what you're trying to
do here is get them leads with written
content but they need leads in other
ways so I would form with Partnerships
with YouTube agencies or short form
content agencies or paid ad agencies or
cold email agencies and then when they
say do you know someone like that
because I'm looking to get more leads
through other sources you can refer to
them maybe get you know 500 a month a
th000 a month you know 5,000 total like
referral fees from that and it's a great
way to just get extra Revenue per client
you don't have to do anything and it's
like nearly 100%
margin so for my course and I would have
my course so let's go here and let's
kind of check off what we've done so far
even if it's a small check so you really
want a course in my view just cuz
there's going to be certain people who
just can't afford 6K per month but they
want your stuff they want to work with
you anyway so I would make a course and
sell it for $99.97 and it'll be of
extremely good value like you do not
have to make it bad like that's
definitely the course industry has a bad
name cuz you know there's a lot of
scammers and stuff but you can make this
very good and I would have training
videos for every step that has to do
with what my service is because they
want my service they just can't afford
it so here are the steps so long form
posts short form posts newsletters
landing pages lead magnets content
scheduling content ideas promotional
posts autod DMS and creating offers so
I'd have a training video for pretty
much all of these
things I would also include a bunch of
templates and swipe files and checklists
and assets for every step twoo just to
make it faster for them because people
need information but we also need to put
it in to practice and you can really
increase the value of your course by
giving them a bunch of like awesome
tools that makes it faster so something
like a topic research and validation
template something like a keyword
integration checklist if they're trying
to do it on their blog for example I'm
not going to go through all of these and
I'll link this in the description but
email optin form design template social
media promotion templates you know all
good stuff AB testing checklist hero
section like these are all great things
that would just make them do it faster
less thoughts less
experimentation just
basically here's what to do and here are
the tools to use very good value for the
course so let's check that off here
let's delete this
line the next thing I would do is have a
program so basically think of a program
as like somewhere in between a course
which is do it yourself and then done
for for you Services where this kind of
like done with you so what I would do is
have a 90 dayish program 3 months and
charge 6K for it and then I would have a
trell board like here's step one step
two step three step four step five what
what to do I would have a weekly Q&A
call and then I would give them like a
private channel for feedback whether
that's on WhatsApp or slack or text
message whatever you really want and
then I think that is going to act as
some in between you know I don't really
want a course but I can't afford it they
might do something
like this so important to have all of
these options because if you don't you
know 1% of people or less are going to
be able to afford your services and be a
good fit so if you don't have any of
this and you just have your main service
you're just going to be missing out on
so much potential Revenue that it's
actually like
insane the next thing I would do is in
my lead magnets which I'll talk about
later I'm going to have a bunch of
affiliate links lead magnets email flows
that kind of stuff and I'm going to
affiliate for the proper tools that they
need in order to execute this so for
their newsletter they are going to need
beehive which is just a newsletter email
marketing platform they're going to need
hype Fury to schedule and optimize their
content they're going to need
clickfunnels for the lead magnet page
and funnel and I have answer the public
which is a tool that kind of takes
search engine data and like Trends and
just has a nice dashboard so you can
come up with ideas all of these have
affiliate programs I would just get my
link like this and put it in all of
these and I would kind of that's all
there is to it for my paid product what
I would do
is basically create a paid product
that's $100 or less and it's completely
automated because you don't need to or
you don't want to have to like do
services for it like $100 for an example
post that's not a product that's a
service so be standard $100 or less and
I like the $100 or less because
psychologically anything less than $100
easy to impulse by and you can just
really sell a lot of these to people who
are unsure so this like an example here
I have on the screen of what that
product page might look like and then it
has some order bumps and more content
what I would do for this would have a
100 hooks for content with examples and
swipe files like you're the top 100
LinkedIn hooks to use for your or top
100 Twitter you know wordss that went
viral that are relevant to our nich so
when I was doing my previous agency at
100 landing page templates for $97 and
that's a photo of that
there and with the product I always like
to have bonuses just to make the
perceived value and the actual value so
much better and what you like the kind
of rule that I like
to subscribe to or follow is that each
of these bonuses should be just as
valuable as the main product and worth
$97 on their own so if you have a
headline testing guide that's going to
you know get them 20% more V like views
and Impressions that's clearly worth 97
if you have a Content calendar that they
can just plan out that's going to save
them so much time and therefore
$97 social media captions so like what
you do on your post different platforms
if that can help them by 20% more
traffic like that's going to or 20% more
likes that's going to be and then a call
to action a lot of people have problems
with like okay they have the good
content but they need to convert that
content into actual clicks and people
taking action so if you have a playbook
for that and you know here's how to do
it for this that could be getting the
more clicks
so when we get to the bottom of the
funnel we're going to need some
different tools as well so this here is
what I would consider the bottom of the
funnel we have our webinars our live
workshops our newsletters our
communities our appointment setting our
content and more so I would use beehive
for the newsletter I i' use close.com
for appointment setting and the CRM
webinar Jam for the webinar as well as
gamma again for the like the slideshow
that you put in the webinar so let's get
into each of these things for my
newsletter I would send something every
Monday Wednesday and Friday and each
would have three or four main sections I
put three here and then I forgot to
change it and I added the other one
after so what the first thing I would do
is an actionable tip that they can apply
to their own writing or whatever that
they can just read and then Implement I
would have a short example of what I
would do for X compan so like for a
e-commerce email marketing agency here's
the example of a post I would do I would
also have an example of some few posts
that I like from the week or some post
that kind of went viral or got a lot of
attention just as you know here's what
to do and then I would have a long form
section about something that is
important about content marketing so you
know the importance of hooks the
importance of Ault to action the
importance of structuring it in a way
that's readable the importance of what's
another good one writing in a way that
you like are speaking one to one like
those are all examples of what I might
do for my appointment setting and here's
an example of the screenshot like what
you might see in your CRM where you know
I would want to have an appointment
setter who reaches out to all my leads
through email through SMS and through
phone and I would pay this appointments
that are 5% commission but I would get
them to focus on the intro offer first
and if that failed I would say sign up
for my conversion mechanism which we'll
get to after it's a webinar in this
case I'd be running retargeting ads on
every platform so I would run on YouTube
I'd run on Google Display Network
Facebook but for YouTube I would Target
Two audiences people who watch my
YouTube videos and people who been to my
website for Google Network or Google
Display Network I would Target just
people who've been to my site and the
same with Facebook ads I might throw in
LinkedIn ads and Twitter ads there as
retargeting but maybe it all depends on
you know I would do these first and if I
just wanted to be completely omnipresent
on every single thing I might add them
in but these would be my priority for
sure so the conversion tool that I would
be using primarily would be a webinar
let's put a check mark there and I would
do this because well I would have a
webinar a newsletter an appointment
setter but I would use a webinar in
comparison to a live Workshop or a
community just
because of how I think the live Workshop
might be okay it's just kind of an
ongoing thing and I'm planning to get a
ton of leads here so I want something
more automated and same with the
community the community is going to be
full of people who aren't qualified and
who just want you know you to help them
without anything and that is going to
get a bit much when you have to review
so much of that content in order to keep
the community going so a webinar in my
opinion would be the best for this and
it would be similar to the course from
earlier where you have your long form
posts your short form posts your
newsletters your landing pages your lead
magnets your content scheduling your
ideas your promotional posts your autod
DMs and your offers so that is 10
different categories so I might have a
webinar 10 things you need to do to
launch your personal brand or 10 things
that you need to get clients from
content marketing something like
that in my CRM I would tag people
because it's kind of like a degree of if
they're not making 25k at least a month
they're not going to be able to afford
my 6K per month services so I want to be
sorted by different Revenue because I
could still sell my course or digital
products or programs to people under
that and then I my appointment setter
will know to differentiate between these
and it's very important that we set it
up in that manner because you're going
to sell different packages different
products to different Revenue levels so
that's the whole purpose of having all
of these different offers because if you
don't then it really doesn't matter and
you're just wasting tons of potential
Revenue because you don't have the
offers next we'll go to the middle of
the funnel on the tools that I would use
are gamma for my lead magnets I would
use convert kit for my email flows and
web flow for my thank you page so let's
get started to the lead magnets first
and here's a picture of like what a lead
mag magnet optin page might look like I
would create a fulllength training for
all of the categories we have here and
it would just be a long long training
that you know demonstrates your
expertise gives them some steps but
we're going to go over that so the
topics are going to be the same and I
would make sure that every lead magnet
follows a few rules I would have the
value rule so that kind of means like
even though this lead magnet is going to
be free would I pay $50 for this that's
how valuable it should be and if the
answer is no probably need to rethink it
restructure it put more effort into it
whatever but it's not good enough sorry
to tell you the next one is the
actionable rule so is there a quick win
that they can Implement within 24 hours
it should be very obvious important
follow these five steps you know big
slides big block letters where it's very
important that they follow your advice
and do something cuz a lot of people get
that backwards they like oh I just don't
want to give it all away because then
they're not going to hi me opposites
actually true in reality if they are
taking like you know here follow these
five steps and get it set up that's like
an activation point they're taking your
advice they trust you a lot more
especially if they see it work they
become more likely to hire you not less
likely then finally we have the readable
rule because you're not talking on video
like I am right now if you're talking on
video it might be a bit less important
but lead magnets usually are like
they're downloading it and reading it
themselves so you need to make it very
readable and very consumable and having
one image and idea per slide is the
number one way to maximize readability
maximize how consumable how easy it is
to view because just because they
download your lead main it doesn't mean
they're consuming it if it's a big wall
of text that's very
uninteresting and then I have these
Graphics here so I think it's very
important to go through these Graphics a
little just so we know what we're doing
so these are standardized Graphics that
I just inserted here and these this
example would be like if I was making a
YouTube agency or something like that
the different steps or the different
problems that I would have topics about
you know stuff like how can I set up my
camera and lights or how do I make good
titles or how do I make good thumbnails
you know this stuff's very difficult for
someone who doesn't know anything about
YouTube Just a business owner who is
busy you know selling providing their
service that kind of stuff you as the
expert in this case the B2B content for
LinkedIn and Twitter you know how to
solve all these problems so we need to
have a lead magnet that solves all the
problems covers all objections
demonstrates our value and builds
Authority as an expert so no problems
exist we have something to take care of
every single part and it just becomes
very natural for them to say okay I'm
going to hire this guy then or this girl
when we only create one lead magnet like
we solve one problem but the rest of the
problems still exists and people aren't
grateful to us for solving their one one
of their 12 problems they're looking
looking for someone else who could help
them and that is what they're going to
do they're going to look for someone
else or our competitors if you've ever
been told that you're talking to they're
talking to multiple people and will'll
make a decision or you've ever been
ghosted and they went with someone else
it's because you didn't solve all of
these problems so if you had a lead
magnet you would have solved all the
problems and it would all be okay but
it's not for you because you didn't do
this so take my advice it's free advice
too you know you don't have to pay
anything to watch this
video so that would be what I would be
doing for these lead magnets here so
just like that just like that we're
going to put a lot of check marks
because check marks are good and we're
going to say that these two here are the
CRM so for my email flows so when
someone Ops into my landing page and
fills up my form they're going to be
added to my email flows and I'm going to
have two different ones both are going
to have like my intro offer as the
called to action like let me do this
90day marketing plan $2,500 if you don't
like it I'll give you a refund or some
crap like that so the first one is going
to be the 4H hour flow so it's going to
deliver the lead magnet immediately it's
going to say what we do what problems we
solve why we need to solve these
problems and how we solve them one email
per hour for four hours and it's very
important that they know what we do and
what problems we solve even if you think
that's like spammy it's not it's they're
going to appreciate it
and in the 30-day flow I'm going to
brainstorm 30 FAQs or objections that
you know you might
have and then I'm going to make one
email that kind of solves all of those
or answers all of these FAQs and
objections until hopefully there are
none left so what are the costs of
content marketing service how long to
see results you know Effectiveness
compared to paid ads like is which one
should I invest in like can you
guarantee that this is going to work for
me type
thing what's some other ones like are
you do you even have experience in my
Niche or industry how are you going to
write good content for me like all of
this kind of stuff is what you'd want
and you'd have an email flow that you
know basically answers all of these FAQs
and objections very clean very simple
one one objection per email for 30 days
you know like concerns about algorithm
dependency what if I build up this
LinkedIn audience and they change the
algorithm and I'm screwed you know all
of them are genuine concerns that we can
ease or alleviate inside our email
flows on my thank you page which would
be like they fill out the form on my
landing page and they're going to be
automatically redirected to the thank
you page I would have a vssl on there
about my offer a book a call button and
then a bunch of case studies and wins
and testimonials and other proof and
that's all I would need to do now we're
going to get to the top of the funnel so
the top of the funnel is going to be up
here
let's put a check mark here so I'd have
web flow for my landing pages I would be
using Facebook ads I'd be using hype
Fury for Content scheduling canva for
thumbnails instantly for cold email
Apollo for lead scraping and million
verifier to scrape the leads I would
have a few different ad campaigns on
each platform I would use Google search
ads YouTube ads and Facebook ads I would
do a bit a good mix though so for
Facebook ads there's just more options
available just because of the nature of
the platform so I probably have one
email campaign to my lead mag or one add
campaign to my lead magnets one to my
paid products and probably one all the
way down to my intro offer and see which
one works the best because it's all of
them have their pros and cons but you
don't really know which one's the best
until you do it so here I would have my
lead magnets here I would have my
basically Frameworks or hooks that I
have in my digital product and then my
intro offer was the content plan for
YouTube it just doesn't make sense to
try to sell a $97 product or have a free
lead magnet so I would just stick to the
intro offer and the same with Google
search
ads for my written content I would try
to post five times per day and I would
schedule them on hype Fury for Twitter
and then crosspost them to LinkedIn and
Instagram to save time so the this
basically the topics if we remember for
the from the lead magnets and the
webinar on the course like I'd be taking
these topics here and I would be
brainstorming FAQs about it so it's kind
of like a combination of our lead
magnets and our email flows but with
content and I'll show you what I mean so
for the topic of long form posts like
here at just five FAQs because I'm not
going to put 20 or 30 or 40 here how
often should I publish how should I
structure it what is the value and what
are the best practices for doing this
for SEO if there are any how can I
repurpose my long form content into
other formats and then I would have 20
to 30 FAQs for each that are all good
and then my entire content strategy
would just be answering these FAQs in
different ways I could have examples
stories just like very howto quick hacks
things to avoid all that kind of stuff
where these are what the target market
is already wondering and it's just a
matter of like you have to answer all
these and when you do and you answer
enough you'll just randomly start
getting calls booked and forms filled
out and you're going to get clients that
way so I'm not going to read off all of
these cuz I think you get the point it's
more just to show you the process but
I'm going to link this in the
description anyway so you can go check
it
out for my video content I'm going to
keep it simple and just have like screen
share videos like you're watching right
now with a document or maybe a mirror
board or both here's some video titles
that I kind of thought of so the simple
step-by-step process to writing long
form content that drives traffic short
posts are hard until you see this I
don't know I just called the short post
there because you know I might put
like you know like LinkedIn content
might be
better the best newsletter strategy in
2024 how this landing page design gets
me 100 plus ideas per day you could
argue that these are pretty click baity
and that's kind of the point the purpose
of a YouTube title is to give them a
reason to click and these all do
this the only thing here is and I did
this just because it was a category but
some people might not know what autod DM
strategy or autod DM script means so I
might do something like how this Twitter
strategy gets
me um 50 New Leads per month because an
autod DM is a Twitter Focus strategy but
I just did them to show you like those
are the categories and then you can
tailor them you know how you think are
the best
so for Tik Tok what I would do and all
short form content is I would sort like
once I start posting these I would sort
in my analytics and see you know which
ones are getting the best and if they're
getting likes and getting the most
engagement chances are I should have
short form posts about those so it's
kind of like we don't need to guess what
the topic is we're just going to go on
Twitter and Linkedin and see which has
the most likes and if it has the most
likes probably worth on making a video
about it because that signifies there's
interests or
interest so for my cold email I would be
targeting
United States people just because it's
easiest to cold email people in the
United States with regulations and
that's where all the money is anyway I
would do like CMO Co CEO and founder job
titles maybe director of marketing if I
need to expand the audience but I would
do three to 25 employee count just
because if it's like 500 employee count
they're going to be too hard to sell it
to them less than three you know
probably can't afford it because you're
going to get a lot of businesses in
there that you know have no Revenue you
just have like one person has a company
email address and it's like not even a
business and then I would go to you know
agency or SAS keywords or I could go to
agency sites like clutch.co and just
scrape everybody or I could go to like
up
city.com so you got to use your brain a
little bit where are the sites that have
all of the people and we might target
audience I know because I have a lot of
experience in agencies like these are
the sites really I would Center my
script around sending them a loom that
is more in- depth because the number one
thing that I think ruins cold emails is
the script is too long you want to have
your script like 50 words or less you
know sometimes 75 maybe but let's see
this so 57 words for this and there's a
couple extra words you know saw you own
an agency I could create a 90-day
content plan that could help you get
more clients just like I did for this
other agency mind if I send over a quick
video and that is so strong in my view
because cold email you're just Anonymous
like they don't care about you you have
no Authority you know you can't bring
your track record into it but once you
send them a video and they watch it you
turn from Anonymous internet scammer to
a real face a real voice and then you
could tell them a lot more in that three
to five minute video than you could ever
tell them in a script very very
important I would be putting just as
much emphasis on try to create
Partnerships and let's go back here cuz
let's just make our check marks because
I forgot to do that
there but now we're all the way over
here we're almost done our top of funnel
so I would put as much emphasis on
trying to create Partnerships as I do on
trying to get clients because when you
get a client you get a client one for
one but if you get a good partner you
could get 20 referrals 50 100 maybe even
more the four main types of Partnerships
are referrals white labels media joint
venture so what I would do similar to
the referral stuff I said earlier so
it'll be a bit repetitive but I would
reach out to YouTube agencies short from
content agencies payad agencies and cold
email agencies primarily and try to get
them to refer their clients to me I
would also try to leverage other
people's audience to get more attention
for myself with blogs newsletters
YouTube channels podcasts speaking at
events guest posting in communities and
that kind of stuff and for a joint
venture I might partner with a PID Ad
Agency and a cold email agency and just
do a full scale Le gen service and I
think that might be very good so that is
the Partnerships and the final thing we
need to talk about is the sales so for
sales what I would be using is cly for
call scheduling a gamma for my
presentation and close.com for my serum
and follow-up so the first part is the
preall flow and I want it to accomplish
three different things I want them to it
to send reminders to them so they
remember to show up to reduce no shows I
want to get some good qualifying
information from them and I want to
redirect them to my sales presentation
that I'll be going over on the call so
they're going to be 100% familiar with
what I'm talking about so like here in
cenly you could just set up these
reminders like this I just took a
screenshot for easy
viewing I also if I can zoom in let's
see how much I can zoom in here but here
are my qualifying questions and that
kind of stuff where oops zooming in way
too much for give me for a sec it's it's
over it's
over okay let's not zoom in because that
went very
poorly but I have stuff like name email
phone number website what's your monthly
Revenue because I want to tag them
properly like I said earlier I tell
people my price you know just to if
they're not okay with it I don't want to
talk to them so I always tell them up
front and then I ask them where they're
booking from today just so I can get a
better idea on where they're booking
from for my own knowledge and so I can
tailor their conversation towards that
and then after they submit redirect them
to my sales
presentation I would create a preall
video very similar to that video I made
for the cold email I might even use the
same one and email that to them right
when they sign up so they can hopefully
watch it for my sales presentation I
would make a 7 to 10 minute presentation
that kind of follows you know what are
we trying to do here how is this usually
done like what are the limitations of
this you know what difference is going
to make what are the risks how much is
this going to cost how long will it take
those kind of questions very important
to answer those because objections are
objections just because you don't talk
about them or just because you ignore
them doesn't mean they're not there and
it's a very very important that we have
those in there in the sales call I would
try to separate it into three parts and
have a plan going into all the calls so
the first part would be information
gathering you know why are we here today
what problem are we solving why do you
want to solve this problem why is it a
problem to begin with why now why do
this with us and not someone else even
if these seem obvious like getting them
to admit it out loud to you and kind of
more importantly themselves is going to
really increase your close rate so I
always start with those even if I can
guess what the answer is same screen
share presentation I just said those
topics but in the objection handling you
know what I would do after my
presentation be like so really How
likely are you to do this from 1 to 10
just tell me the truth and they're going
to say seven I'll be like okay why like
how can we get that seven to a nine and
then I would revisit their answers from
the first part up here and say I thought
this was like a big problem and stuff
and say it very very smoothly not like
that but and then I'd say okay what are
some things that you don't like or
unsure about and i' you know do those
like give them the answers and stuff and
this basic sales right and that would
always finish the call by telling them
to get started and how to get started in
the follow-up a lot of people aren't
going to just buy right on the call
regardless of what people think in high
ticket sales so I would create 24
different templates so I can follow up
twice per week and there would be salesy
they would be you know everybody knows
I'm trying to get the sale but they'
also be valuable so here's a document on
how to you know best practices for
LinkedIn here's a video on how to create
tweets here's some case studies about
our client who's in your agency and the
results you got here's some examples of
great tweets that went viral that kind
of stuff so that is down here and that's
all the sales so that's what I would do
for every step of this hypothetical B2B
content marketing agency and I hope this
video was helpful like comment and
subscribe and I will see you in the next
one